People normally solve this problem by oiling up, but I don’t like it since it makes the food greasy. Using non-stick bakeware is a healthier, more convenient, and more practical way of baking. The next thing that you might not have known is that non-stick bakeware is so much easier to clean than more conventional types. It is a no-brainer really – if nothing sticks to the surface then there won’t be anything to scrub, scrape or wash off. This trait right here will save you tons of time as well as frustration, and it might motivate you to bake more often because of the hassle-free cleaning process. Just make sure to maintain the bakeware. ​Lastly, even heat distribution is another thing that you should look for, and this type of bakeware enables it. Here's the deal: heat distribution most likely won't affect the quality of the result, but it will make the bakeware heat up more quickly which will ultimately decrease the cooking time. Investing a little bit of time into research can save you a lot of money and trouble in the long run, and that is why you need to read this section carefully. Bakeware sets differ regarding materials, abilities, cost, and maintenance, so learning about some general features of these products will help you decide which type will fulfill your demands. Bakeware can be made from different kinds of materials including iron, glass, copper, steel, etc. Today I will mention only the types that are related to products I reviewed in this article. It is important to know that each material yields different cooking properties so study these paragraphs to find out which one is right for you. Carbon steel – this material is light, durable, and reacts to temperature changes very quickly, meaning that it can heat up fast. Even though is lightweight, it is a bit heavier than copper and doesn't retain heat as well as iron. It's a good choice for baking meats, veggies, bread, and cakes. Copper – it is an excellent heat conductor and doesn’t need pre-heating since it gets hot very quickly. Very light, but also quite expensive compared to other bakeware materials. Also, it isn’t the best choice for recipes that require baking under very high heat. Silicon – good for foods where sticking is an issue, such as breads, cookies, and cakes. It is light, affordable and dishes will slide out of it easily. The one downside is that it can be frustrating to wash because it is so elastic, but luckily, most of the silicon bakeware is dishwasher safe. Since you’ll be buying an entire set of products, it would be a good idea to find one that is suitable for all kinds of baking jobs. Make sure that all the basic items such as pie pan, muffin pan, loaf pan, cookie sheet, cake pan, or whatever you need, is included in the package. This is a feature that most folks overlook, and it makes a world of difference when it comes to handling the pan. It's easy to move the dish around when it's cold but taking it out of a scorching hot oven is a different story (trust me, I know). You’ll try to be cautious not to burn your fingers so it is easy not to pay attention to the contents of the pan which can lead to spillage and a messy kitchen. Look for bakeware that has nice, ergonomic handles or handling areas. Some models have silicon added to these parts for extra protection and ease of use. Not all types of bakeware can withstand the same temperatures; as a matter of fact, this trait greatly differs from product to product. Certain pans are oven safe to up to 500 degrees Fahrenheit, while others cannot take more than 350. This is a significant difference so pay close attention to this detail when buying a set. Now, let’s get into the meaty part of this article – the reviews. After trying out many sets, I’ve reached some conclusions and decided to put together a list of my favorite ones. Keep in mind that these are my personal choices, but they are also top rated products. Rachel Ray is a world-renowned chef and TV personality, and her famous Cucina line of products never fails to deliver. Here, we are dealing with an excellent, 10-piece set that I personally think very highly of. The material that this bakeware is made of is carbon steel, and the non-stick, latte-colored coating looks very pretty and does the job well. A thing that I didn’t like about the construction of this set is that everything is so bulky. It is not a huge issue, but folks who lack storage space will not be thrilled with these products. As far as items are concerned, the set includes two loaf pans, two cake pans, two cookie sheets, two pie plates, a muffin tin, and a plastic cake pan topper. In my opinion, this is more than enough, but I’m sure some folks are going to be disappointed because there’s no pizza pan included. The handles have silicon grips attached to them, and this is a big bonus when it comes to practicality and handling. Also, the rolled edges allow you to grab the pan more easily and move it around securely. The pan can withstand heat of up to 450 F, and I think that this should be sufficient for most baking jobs. Make sure not to go over this temperature because you could burn the pans. Copper has gained a lot of popularity in the cooking world over the last few years, and honestly, I can only say good things about it. Copper Chef is known for a plethora of cookware, and now we are taking a look at their baking set. As I've mentioned before, copper is a fantastic heat conductor, and the heat distribution in this material is as even as it gets. Personally, I find the latter feature very important because I like to have consistency in my cooking. This is a 12-piece set that consists of a 12-cup muffin pan, a cookie sheet, a loaf pan, a square pan, and eight pieces of silicon ramekin cups with lids. Ok, so I think it is a bit unfair for a company to advertise a set of twelve copper products while only four of them are actually made of this material. While the ramekin cups are lovely, they seem to be a cheap filler in this set. As far as handling is concerned, most of the products in this pack do not have handles, so you have to rely on the rolled edges for gripping. This is a big disadvantage in my opinion, and greatly handicaps the ease of use. These black, sturdy-looking baking dishes remind me of old-school bakeware sets that people used to bake with a few decades ago. However, this is a modern and versatile set that should fulfill most of your demands. The ChefLand set is made of carbon steel; it looks pretty plain but has a non-stick coating that's quite effective. One thing that this material is good at is even heat distribution, so you won’t need to worry about hotspots. The products are dishwasher safe, however, after several months of kind of cleaning, some items started to form rust on the outer edges, which is a big minus. I would recommend washing them by hand. When it comes to the items, ChefLand’s set includes a roasting pan, a round pizza pan, a large and medium cookie sheet, two round cake pans, a square cake pan, a loaf pan, an oven crisper pan, and a 12-cup muffin pan. As far as I’m concerned this set has everything covered! Most of the dishes have handles on them, and even those which don't, have a nice grip area that allows for good handling. Unfortunately, there is no silicon padding or protective surface so you will need to use gloves or cloth. This bakeware set comes to us from Sunbeam; it is a bit smaller set in terms of the number of items in it, but a worthy addition to today's list. Oh, I forgot to mention it’s cheap as chips! The material these pans are made of is carbon steel, and its non-stick features are achieved with a xylan coating interior and exterior. The black color gives it a pretty plain, non-exciting look, but I personally do not mind this. The Sunbeam set has only 5-pieces, which is significantly less than other sets we reviewed today. The dishes included are a loaf pan, a cookie sheet, a 6-cup muffin pan, and two round cake pans. One disadvantage of this set is that it cannot handle temperatures higher than 400 F, which is quite limiting because some recipes require more heat. All of the pans have handles or enough room to grab them properly and handle safely. Now as I was reading some online commentary, many people complained that pans arrived dented or bent when they ordered them, so this might be an issue. I haven’t experienced this myself, so I just want to put it out as a warning. This set differs from others I reviewed today because it is the only one that’s not made of metal. Boxiki Kitchen brings us this 3-piece silicone set that bread and cake lovers might find interesting. As I’ve said, these products are made of silicone which has its pros and cons. The good thing is that food will just slide out of it, but it might be irritating when trying to wash it by hand because it’s so bendy. A lot of people raise concerns about chemicals in this material, so you’ll be glad to know that this set is FDA approved and non-toxic. The set comes with three items – a round cake pan, a square brownie pan, and a banana bread/meatloaf pan. All of the dishes are equipped with metal handles which allows for a nice and solid grip, so you won’t have to worry about the pans slipping out of your hands. Silicone is generally oven safe up to 500 degrees F,
-street, said: My husband is a lodging-house deputy. I knew the deceased for about four months. I believe she was an unfortunate. On two occasions I spoke to her. [Coroner] Did you speak to her ? - Yes; it was an unusual thing to see her up. She was a young woman who never associated with any one. I spoke across the street, "What, Mary, brings you up so early ?" She said, "Oh, Carrie, I do feel so bad." [Coroner] And yet you say you had only spoken to her twice previously; you knew her name and she knew yours ? - Oh, yes; by being about in the lodging-house. [Coroner] What did she say ? - She said, "I've had a glass of beer, and I've brought it up again"; and it was in the road. I imagined she had been in the Britannia beer-shop at the corner of the street. I left her, saying that I could pity her feelings. I went to Bishopsgate-street to get my husband's breakfast. Returning I saw her outside the Britannia public-house, talking to a man. [Coroner] This would be about what time ? - Between eight and nine o'clock. I was absent about half-an-hour. It was about a quarter to nine. [Coroner] What description can you give of this man ? - I could not give you any, as they were at some distance. [Coroner] What sort of dress had the deceased ? - A dark skirt, a velvet body, a maroon shawl, and no hat. [Coroner] Have you ever seen her the worse for drink ? - I have seen her in drink, but she was not a notorious character. Sarah Lewis deposed: I live at 24, Great Pearl-street, and am a laundress. I know Mrs. Keyler, in Miller's-court, and went to her house at 2, Miller's-court, at 2.30a.m. on Friday. It is the first house. I noticed the time by the Spitalfields' Church clock. When I went into the court, opposite the lodging-house I saw a man with a wideawake. There was no one talking to him. He was a stout-looking man, and not very tall. The hat was black. I did not take any notice of his clothes. The man was looking up the court; he seemed to be waiting or looking for some one. Further on there was a man and woman - the later being in drink. There was nobody in the court. I dozed in a chair at Mrs. Keyler's, and woke at about half- past three. I heard the clock strike. [Coroner] What woke you up ? - I could not sleep. I sat awake until nearly four, when I heard a female's voice shouting "Murder" loudly. It seemed like the voice of a young woman. It sounded at our door. There was only one scream. [Coroner] Were you afraid ? Did you wake anybody up ? - No, I took no notice, as I only heard the one scream. [Coroner] You stayed at Keyler's house until what time ? - Half-past five p.m. on Friday. The police would not let us out of the court. [Coroner] Have you seen any suspicious persons in the district ? - On Wednesday night I was going along the Bethnal-green-road, with a woman, about eight o'clock, when a gentleman passed us. He followed us and spoke to us, and wanted us to follow him into an entry. He had a shiny leather bag with him. [Coroner] Did he want both of you ? - No; only one. I refused. He went away and came back again, saying he would treat us. He put down his bag and picked it up again, saying, "What are you frightened about ? Do you think I've got anything in the bag ?" We then ran away, as we were frightened. [Coroner] Was he a tall man ? - He was short, pale-faced, with a black moustache, rather small. His age was about forty. [Coroner] Was it a large bag ? - No, about 6in to 9in long. His hat was a high round hat. He had a brownish overcoat, with a black short coat underneath. His trousers were a dark pepper-and- salt. [Coroner] After he left you what did you do ? - We ran away. [Coroner] Have you seen him since ? - On Friday morning, about half-past two a.m., when I was going to Miller's-court, I met the same man with a woman in Commercial-street, near Mr. Ringer's public-house (the Britannia). He had no overcoat on. [Coroner] Had he the black bag ? - Yes. [Coroner] Were the man and woman quarrelling ? - No; they were talking. As I passed he looked at me. I don't know whether he recognised me. There was no policeman about. Mr. George Bagster Phillips, divisional surgeon of police, said: I was called by the police on Friday morning at eleven o'clock, and on proceeding to Miller's-court, which I entered at 11.15, I found a room, the door of which led out of the passage at the side of 26, Dorset-street, photographs of which I produce. It had two windows in the court. Two panes in the lesser window were broken, and as the door was locked I looked through the lower of the broken panes and satisfied myself that the mutilated corpse lying on the bed was not in need of any immediate attention from me, and I also came to the conclusion that there was nobody else upon the bed, or within view, to whom I could render any professional assistance. Having ascertained that probably it was advisable that no entrance should be made into the room at that time, I remained until about 1.30p.m., when the door was broken open by McCarthy, under the direction of Superintendent Arnold. On the door being opened it knocked against a table which was close to the left-hand side of the bedstead, and the bedstead was close against the wooden partition. The mutilated remains of a woman were lying two- thirds over, towards the edge of the bedstead, nearest the door. Deceased had only an under- linen garment upon her, and by subsequent examination I am sure the body had been removed, after the injury which caused death, from that side of the bedstead which was nearest to the wooden partition previously mentioned. The large quantity of blood under the bedstead, the saturated condition of the palliasse, pillow, and sheet at the top corner of the bedstead nearest to the partition leads me to the conclusion that the severance of the right carotid artery, which was the immediate cause of death, was inflicted while the deceased was lying at the right side of the bedstead and her head and neck in the top right-hand corner. the coroner said: It has come to my ears that somebody has been making a statement to some of the jury as to their right and duty of being here. Has any one during the interval spoken to the jury, saying that they should not be here to-day ? Julia Vanturney [Van Turney], 1, Miller's-court, a charwoman, living with Harry Owen, said: I knew the deceased for some time as Kelly, and I knew Joe Barnett, who lived with her. He would not allow her to go on the streets. Deceased often got drunk. She said she was fond of another man, also named Joe. I never saw this man. I believe he was a costermonger. [Coroner] When did you last see the deceased alive ? - On Thursday morning, at about ten o'clock. I slept in the court on Thursday night, and went to bed about eight. I could not rest at all during the night. [Coroner] Did you hear any noises in the court ? - I did not. I heard no screams of "Murder," nor any one singing. [Coroner] Were you in the house when Joe Barnett called ? - Yes. I said, "Well, Mary Jane, I shall not see you this evening again," and I left with her two men's dirty shirts, a little boy's shirt, a black overcoat, a black crepe bonnet with black satin strings, a pawn-ticket for a grey shawl, upon which 2s had been lent, and a little girls white petticoat. [Coroner] Have you seen any of these articles since? - Yes; I saw the black overcoat in a room in the court on Friday afternoon. [Coroner] Did the deceased ever speak to you about being afraid of any man ? - She did not. Inspector Beck, H Division, deposed that, having sent for the doctor, he gave orders to prevent any persons leaving the court, and he directed officers to make a search. He had not been aware that the deceased was known to the police. [Coroner] Was it by your orders that the door was forced ? - No; I had an intimation from Inspector Beck that the bloodhounds had been sent for, and the reply had been received that they were on the way. Dr. Phillips was unwilling to force the door, as it would be very much better to test the dogs, if they were coming. We remained until about 1.30 p.m., when Superintendent Arnold arrived, and he informed me that the order in regard to the dogs had been countermanded, and he gave orders for the door to be forced. I agree with the medical evidence as to the condition of the
play is not currently winning games for the Avalanche, the team could opt to move on from the veteran keeper. Despite Varlamov’s recent slump, the impending unrestricted free agent would still be a valued name on the trade market as the NHL Trade Deadline grows closer. Several teams will be looking for a rental for the stretch run and postseason and Varlamov could potentially be the closest thing to a bona fide starter that could hit the market. Why then would the playoff-bound Avalanche want to move Varlamov if he’s still a top NHL option? The return would be substantial and could – either directly or by flipping part of the return – result in Colorado adding the forward depth they so desperately need. It was recently reported that the Avs are hesitant to move their top prospects and young roster players for help, which could force them to move an established veteran like Varlamov. The Avalanche could benefit from some addition by subtraction when it comes to Varlamov as well. The aforementioned Francouz, in his first season in North America after an illustrious European career, has made the transition look easy this season. Recently named an AHL All-Star, Francouz, 28, has a .919 save percentage and 2.65 GAA through 23 games with the Colorado Eagles. Perhaps more impressively, Francouz has made two NHL relief appearances and has saved 33 of the 35 shots that he faced (.943 SV%). The Denver Post’s Sean Keeler writes that head coach Jared Bednar considered making Francouz the starter over Grubauer last night and opined that the current third-string could be the X-factor for the Avs this season. Francouz is also an impending UFA and the team should take a longer look at him this season to determine if he could be a long-term option alongside Gruabauer. An extended stay in Denver this season would certainly help convince Francouz to stick around as well. Of course, if the Avalanche were to trade Varlamov this season, it would very likely hurt their chances at a Stanley Cup title. Despite his struggles, Varlamov has outplayed Grubauer and has years of success to fall back on, as opposed to his young backup and Francouz, an unproven import. Colorado would likely have to turn around and add another option in net if they were to trade Varlamov. However, given that the Avs face a probable playoff route through the Nashville Predators and Winnipeg Jets this season, it could be that they favor improving the team for the future rather than clinging to slim title chances. The team could also feel that addressing their needs at forward is a priority compared to maintaining depth in net. What do you think? Should the Avalanche change things up by trading Varlamov for young pieces or forward help and hand the reins to Grubauer and Francouz? Or should they hold on to their established starter in hopes that it is their best chance at a Cup run this season? The Colorado Avalanche announced they have recalled goaltender Pavel Francouz from the Colorado Eagles of the AHL. Head coach Jared Bednar said that Semyon Varlamov was a little banged up and Francouz was recalled as a precaution. The 28-year-old was up earlier this month and was impressive in a relief stint on Dec. 22 when he saved 21 of 22 shots against Arizona in 29 minutes of work. Francouz, who signed as a free agent with Colorado in the offseason out of the KHL has performed well in the AHL as well, posting a 13-7-1 record and a .919 save percentage. With Varlamov expected to hit free agency at the end of the season, Francouz could be a strong candidate to fill the backup role next season. The Carolina Hurricanes have assigned forward Janne Kuokkanen to the Charlotte Checkers of the AHL, according to CapFriendly. The 20-year-old prospect has had trouble finding a positive role with the Hurricanes, despite being dominant in the AHL. Kuokkanen has yet to score in seven games and has seen his playing time dwindle to under 10 minutes in the past three games. He will return to Charlotte where he has already equaled his goal output from last year and can continue working on his game. The team followed that up announcing the promotion of Saku Maenalanen from Charlotte to fill Kuokkanen’s shoes. Maenalanen has appeared in just one game for the Hurricanes, but has scored seven goals and 14 points in 31 games for the Checkers. While it’s already been reported that the Chicago Blackhawks’ recent trade acquisition Jason Garrison cleared waivers earlier today, NBC Sports Charlie Roumeliotis reports that Blackhawks’ general manager Stan Bowman said Garrison will be assigned to the Rockford Ice Hogs of the AHL. Garrison, picked up in Sunday’s trade with Drake Caggulia for Brandon Manning, has played in 17 games with the Oilers this year. He did play 58 games with the Chicago Wolves last season when playing for the Vegas franchise. After two years in the Swiss League, former NHLer Bobby Sanguinetti has returned to North America, as the Charlotte Checkers of the AHL announced they have signed the 30-year-old veteran to an AHL deal. The defenseman, who played 45 games with the New York Rangers and Carolina Hurricanes, played with the Checkers for three years before spending the last two years in Switzerland. Sanguinetti, a former first-round pick in 2006, will hope to resurrect his career there. The Nashville Predators announced they have assigned Nicholas Baptiste to the Milwaukee Admirals of the AHL. The team recalled him Monday to serve as an emergency player for their game against Washington, but now have returned the 23-year-old without getting him into a game. Baptiste has played 34 games for Milwaukee and has six goals and 14 points. The Minnesota Wild have recalled defenseman Ryan Murphy from AHL Iowa per a team release. This will be the 25-year-old’s first stint in the NHL this season but he has 172 games of NHL experience between Carolina and Minnesota over the past six seasons. Murphy has played in 27 games in the minors this season with three goals and 10 assists. The Colorado Avalanche went out of its way to bring in goaltender Philipp Grubauer via trade during the offseason to be their heir apparent in goal, but with Semyon Varlamov playing well throughout this season, Grubauer hasn’t had much of a chance to claim that role. However, that might be changing. With the team having lost five of their last seven games and Varlamov struggling, the team got a brilliant performance from Grubauer on Tuesday as he saved 35 shots in a 2-1 win over the Montreal Canadiens. After that performance, The Athletic’s Ryan S. Clark (subscription required) wonders if this is the turning point where Grubauer takes over as the team’s No. 1 goaltender. With Varlamov slated to hit unrestricted free agency this summer, the team needs for Grubauer to take that next step and that looks to be the case. In the last six starts (not including Friday’s 2-1 loss to Chicago), the 27-year-old is 5-0-1 with a 2.29 GAA and a .936 save percentage. “(Grubauer) gives us a chance. He gives us a real good chance,” head coach Jared Bednar said. “He keeps it at 1-0 and guys are saying the right things on the bench. … I just felt like he looked really solid in the net. Like he was in control tonight. I haven’t felt that way about our goaltending for the last little bit and that’s what we need. The Athletic’s Scott Powers (subscription required) writes that when winger Brendan Perlini was traded from the Arizona Coyotes to Chicago Blackhawks, he had high hopes that a change of scenery would jumpstart his career as he has struggled to put up points. However, while the Blackhawks liked what they have seen from center Dylan Strome, Perlini quickly found himself on the team’s fourth line and even found himself a healthy scratch early on. “To be honest, you never like to sit, but it’s good because I can watch the game and say, OK, here’s certain spots where maybe I can get the puck or things like that or realize watching I can settle down there, there’s a lot more time than I actually think. Like I said, you never like watching, but you can take good things from it. I think I’ve done that and just try to build off it and learn every day.” Perlini since then has looked much more comfortable and has picked up a couple of goals in the past four games. The hope is he continues to make adjustments in Chicago’s lineup. Ken Wiebe of the Winnipeg Sun writes that with the impressive play shown by Winnipeg Jets’ goaltender Laurent Brossoit can be attributed back to last year when the back-up lost his job in Edmonton to Al Montoya and he found himself in the AHL for the remainder of the season. That experience made him work harder to get back to the NHL. “Now I’m more aware of who I am as a goalie and as a professional, if that makes any sense,” said Brossoit. “It was unfortunate I had to go through those growing pains during my biggest opportunity with that club. I wouldn’t say that I performed at the level I normally do.” Brossoit was offered to return to Edmonton, but instead opted to start fresh in Winnipeg. The NHL has issued a $2,000 fine to Colorado Avalanche forward Mikko Rantanen, citing two instances in which he broke Rule 6
they wade through the water till' their lips turn blue, that’s what hippos do! Just in case you were wondering what makes a hippo smile, right? Before you jump to the conclusion that I have lost my mind, let me explain. For some, the introductory lines of this blog will ring familiar. They are the lyrics to one of many songs that will echo through acres of forests, hillsides, and riverbanks during the months of June, July and August. These songs will be sung by a passionate army of young children who, along with their mentors and idols, will be participating in a ritual cherished by the inner child in so many of us--SLEEPAWAY CAMP! It’s February, which means families across the country are securing their spots at one of over 8,400 U.S. sleepaway camps and over 5,600 certified day camps. Have you reserved your spot yet? If not, let me explain why I think you should. As a parent of three and a former camper, camp counselor, and camp director, I cannot impress upon parents enough the meaningful impact summer camp can have on children. In my parent education classes, I often refer to sleepaway camp as the single most important and impactful experience a parent can provide their child. For most children, sleepaway camp develops the skills and mindsets parents so earnestly want to impart upon their children and does so in ways that we parents are sometimes unable to do. So why am I such a passionate advocate for sleepaway camp? It’s easy for a parent to forget that our number one responsibility is to prepare our children to LEAVE US. It’s counterintuitive, really. We spend so much of our lives connecting with these little beings that grow up so quickly. We offer them all we have. In them, we place our hopes, dreams, and aspirations. Only to have them roll their eyes when we perse our lips for a kiss as they leave the car and say, “Gross, mom. My friends will see. Ugh!” As our kids grow older they need us less. And they should. If you want to measure your success as a parent (and I don’t necessarily recommend that you do), consider how well you are preparing your children to leave you. Sleepaway camp is the single most important resource that I have found that helps prepare our children for healthy individuation. Individuation is a psychological term (coined by Carl Jung) that describes the process of self-actualization. In basic terms, a child’s individuation begins when he/she starts to see him/herself as separate from the parent. As much as we might not feel comfortable with the idea of our child separating more from us, it is an essential part of the process of a child becoming a healthy adult. At sleepaway camp, our children are given the opportunity to see themselves through a lens separate from their parents. The very nature of spending several days and nights without parents in a safe and controlled environment allows children to expand their view of themselves in relationship to the world around them. Their identities away from us are allowed space to grow. Of all of the gifts sleepaway camp provides us parents, it’s personal responsibility and independence that are often the most gratifying. After years as a camp counselor and director, the response I most often heard from parents after their children returned from camp was appreciation that their child was helping out more around the house. Parents would comment that they didn’t have to ask their child to take their dishes to the sink, rinse them off, and put them in the dishwasher...it just happened! Parents were shocked to find their child had actually made their bed in the morning. At most sleepaway camps (and if this is NOT the case for your child’s camp, I would encourage you to find another one), personal responsibility is the cornerstone of daily life. Daily chore charts that require every camper to participate include jobs like: wait the tables in the dining hall, wash dishes, deliver mail, vacuum, collect and empty garbage, etc. At many camps, the kids are responsible for cleaning their own bathrooms. YES, even toilets. My favorite job to be assigned was “super spatula.” This job entails scraping all of the food off of the plates at mealtime onto one main plate and then transferring the “ORT” (or leftover food morsels) to the “ort bucket,” the contents of which would be fed to the pigs at the camp’s farm. Our children can be forgiven for thinking that the world they live in is universal. After all, many of our children haven’t had the opportunity to see much of the world during their young years. Sleepaway camp, particularly those that attempt to attract children and staff from different cities, regions, and backgrounds, provide our children with new and unique experiences and the opportunity to navigate and negotiate social situations that involve people who are different from them and the friends they interact with every day. Often, many sleepaway camps will hire staff from one of several international staffing agencies, thus diversifying the experience even more. Camp program staff design clinics, courses, and experiences that are likely to be novel for the campers, thus expanding a camper’s view on what he/she might enjoy or be good at. I have had the good fortune of observing scores of campers find new hobbies, interest, and passions from just one experience at camp. I know campers who have become chefs from having participated in outdoor cooking classes or children who have become veterinarians as a result of attending horse/ranch camp. With peers: Ask any adult who has spent time as a camper or staff at a summer camp and they will most likely have close friends today that they met at camp, as well as an army of others that may not be as close, but whose sleepaway camp bond keeps them connected for a lifetime. Children learn not only how to build and maintain relationships with peers, but they also learn the VALUE of deep, supportive friendships. Especially as kids get older, I find that they appreciate having a world outside of school where friends “accept them for who they are.” At camp, children are able to let go of so much more of the pressures of “fitting in” and “measuring up” because they are in a new space. Not to mention, most sleepaway camps provide a technology-free environment for children to cultivate friendship the old-fashioned way--through conversation and shared experience--NOT through social media. With non-parent adults: In an age when the pressures and distractions our children face are only increasing, one of the best defenses against childhood and teen depression, anxiety, and self-harm is a supportive adult outside the family that your child knows they can turn to. In school settings we ensure that each child has at least one adult on campus they know they can talk to, and a camp experience widens the net of available confidantes for our children. As our kids individuate, their bonds with other adults become more important. They will value and look up to role models they trust, and those trusted adults become part of the village that helps raise our children. As a “retired” counselor, I can’t tell you how many now-grown campers still reach out to me for support, advice, or just a friendly and non-judgmental ear. It is a privilege for me to me held in that esteem, but also a helpful relationship for them as they navigate their way through young adulthood. I know the counselors whom I most respected held that role for me and my life is better for it. With YOU: Before you worry that sending your child off to meet and bond with other adults will diminish your own relationship, fear not. Consider that a child whose parents trust them enough to 1) send them to camp and 2) encourage them to seek mentorship outside the parental relationship feels valued and supported, and will actually respect you more for that freedom. I find that as children grow up, the parents with whom they feel closest are the ones who have learned to loosen the strings appropriately. We want the best for our kids, and helping them grow a network of close adults who can provide advice and support is one of the greatest gifts we can give them. Believe me, they will not forget about you – they will love you for the experience! When I was a child, my friends and I were free to ride our bikes to the far ends of the earth (or at least that what it felt like) to discover our own adventures. We explored the outdoors with a lightness and whimsy that is often frowned upon today. Even though our neighborhoods are much safer than they have ever been, providing the freedom for children to explore the great outdoors feels too risky a venture for most parents. And even if we did provide that freedom, the draw of technology or the scheduling of numerous sports and activities has our children indoors and/or booked most of the time. Sleepaway camp is a ticket outdoors without the worry of putting children’s safety at risk. You don’t need me to remind you of the myriad of benefits being outdoors has on our health and wellbeing. There’s plenty of great research out there to tell you that being outdoors can do wonders to your body, mind, and spirit. However, maybe we all need to be reminded that our children need it, too. Desperately. And if you are like me and live in the middle of massive suburbia with all of its pressure, stress, noise, and competing interests, then we share an even greater need to get out in the great outdoors. Sleepaway camp provides this necessary connection to the natural world for our children. Below is a graphic published by the American Camp Association that highlights some of the benefits campers, parents, and staff experience from camp. I imagine that all this sleepaway camp talk has got you wondering a few things. Let me take a stab at answering the most likely questions you may have. I am also a big supporter of day camps. In fact my own children attend several day camps in our area and love them. There are
fact, the best way to input your coded information is in the activity id. That way, the information is "in built" and cannot be changed easily. All these things including searching and filtering (eg for filtering for certain characters in activity id or description) work well when everybody is disciplined in naming and coding. And as long as one person is doing all these things, everything works perfectly well for him (as it does for me and you). But when you are integrating programmes from various contractors, it is not easy to excecise those rules with planners from various firms. WBS concept is as old as project management but its functionality appeared relatively late. Even in P3 3.1, WBS is still optional function that appears the same way as acivity codes. And some people still dont use it because 1) it is optional 2) activity codes seem to do the same job and 3) they are more used to activity codes. But even in P3 3.0, WBS code can do things which activity codes cant. For example, you can have WBS activity and it does not need any links as in hammock activities. And this WBS activity can summarise all the activities which have the same WBS code. When you need a high level programme that shows bars in the same line as activity description (activity code roll up bar appears one line below), you can just filter for WBS activities and you get very good presentation. And the list goes on. And when you start using P3e, WBS is no more optional and it appears more different than activity codes and thus makes it more apparent. But activity code has more functionality in new programmes as well as you can have second level of codes within same acitity code. And these lower levels of codes work exactly the same way as WBS does. So you can have work breakdown stucture as well as ANY breakdown structure using a single code. But as long as you have to use two or more actity codes (as you have to do in P3 3.1 and earlier), to make your work breakdown structure, it is far more easier to do so using the in built WBS coding. (And you can of course, still use activity codes, for other functionalities). I can therefore sort as activity description contains plastering and all the activities drop out. Now If I have also coded for floors and towers I can organise so the towers and floors show up so I know where I am. That means I need to code in a tower and a floor with each activity, thats pretty easy cos I can copy and past this info. If I am really smart when I copy and past the fragnet I can add some alpha numerics at the end of the ID ie 100 activity number from fragnet then T1 (tower 1) then F1 ie the id is know 100T1F1 this helps in that I can sort all activities in tower 1 or floor 1 or whatever so by using the ID and the description almost without touching the codes we have a pretty robust sorting catergory. In turn when you can sort in this way logic application and resource balancing becomes much easier. Lets go back to the plastering scenario we now have all the activities, so linking floor to floor or globally copying resources is easy as is levelling them because you can see whats happening and more importantly so can everybody else. In this way you can tell your subby exactly what he needs. I am not saying you cant do it with WBS and of course you can what I am saying is for a great deal of what we do in building and Civil Engineering WBS codeing is excessively complicated. Im Currently using Hierarchical code structures to help with the application of the cost accounts from our cost tool. I simply apply the codes to the activities and then group and sort with totals and balance my activity budgets. So you can use code fields to give rudimentry totals for Units. This process has helped me immensley as when I started with this company 9 weeks ago there wernt even any baselines in the projects and they were using units % Complete and just adding extra hours to the remainings by multiples of 10 or 50. They even expected to be able to resource level with this data. Activity codes look good and seems to show what you want to show only when data is organized in a particular way (eg phase, location, contractor etc). So it is very much a Layout depedent method. WBS works no matter how you organize your activities. And you can have WBS activity (in P3 for example) which summarises all the activities which have the same WBS code no matter where those activites are located. There is no such functionality available for activity codes. Furthermore when you organize activities with acitity codes, you will always end up with groups with no names. Planner would understand it but there would be many would be questining it everytime they see it. So when you want work breakdown that really add up to whole project, use WBS. It is that simple. And use activity codes for other organizing and filtering purpose. I suppose WBS & Codes are lying on the same concept, so why bother? youre not showing codes on your schedule anyway. Dont let anybody walk away with the idea when you have explained something "gee I wonder what he is smoking" Often in fact more often than I care to remember I dont employ planners because they cant do their job but because they cant explain what their job is. Remember we are planners, that makes us somebody who assists the process not somebody who actually does it, so go and assist the person doing it by understanding what he wants not what you feel you should give him. The WBS structure is simply an end to a means. The end is being able to provide BAC, ACWP, ETC, EAC & EV for particular portions of the project. The WBS is simply the most widley used method of doing this, and as a consequence comes as a standard part (or code) of most planning/scheduling software. As far as codes go - well the world is your oyster. As far as how to, and what size, and by what method you chose to quantify and divide your project up, its really up to you..... However you should document what each structre is for and what assumptions were made to arrive at the particular structure. CBS - Cost Breakdown Structure, ETC. Again I will say its limitless to how many you can have, but you should document what it is and how you came up with it. That way when youre asked to explain a code field that you thought was a good idea at the time - Your manager doesnt walk away with the "I dont know what that guy was on about" thought in their head. this is very simple! you use WBS or Codes to make your Project become "Measurable" either in a summarized form or a detailed one. But how do you put a certain unit to a summarized deliverable? Isnt it Lump Sum (LS)? and how do you define Lump Sum? are you gonna need WBS or Codes? While the Explanation is well "dry but clear" I think all would benefit more if you provided sonme clarity with examples. As I have mention before WBS development can be viewed as the process of grouping all project elements into several major categories, normally referred to as Level One; each one of these categories will itself contain several subcategories, normally referred to as Level Two. Alternately, and more accurately, developing a WBS involves dividing the deliverable items until the project has been divided into manageable, discrete, and identifiable items requiring simple tasks to complete that, when combined, constitute the project deliverable. Logically is to keep dividing the project until the elements cannot realistically be divided anymore and may vary from organization to organization or may even vary among project managers within the same organization. Each level of detail contains not only organization specific, but they also are specific to the nature of the deliverables involved in each project. Similarly, the degree of detail at the lowest level of each branch must be in line with the size of the project and in conformance with the organization’s operational philosophies. Ideally, there should be some uniformity and consistency in the WBS. To achieve this uniformity, all children of the same parent must be developed based on the same division basis. Usual practice of WBS are using three division levels which are “Deliverables oriented (Structure or products, functional system, physical area and proof of capability)”, “Schedule oriented (normally referring to a task or activity and sequential/ phases)” and “Resource oriented (disciplines, administrative units and financial accounts)”. So again, no matters how you do it by codes or groups fields or using the WBS field as long as you define the structure into manageable level and represent the project deliverable that will contribute to success of the project. Most of my work is in building construction, so maybe the fact that I like codes better is biased by my work. But if sometimes you need to see activities organized by floor; sometimes by trade; other time by trade within each floor, etc. There’s no way to do that except with codes. Do other lines of work have the same need or is it enough for you to squeeze into a rigid WBS and limit reports and analisys to that single point of view? what I believe it says is that progranmmes should be structured in such a way as to enable sorting in a logical and affective manner thus enabling the team to ascertain an accurate picture of the progress of the works and the elements that make up the works. "for hard planning thinkers"?? they dont know how to use codes? WBS show the heirarchy of Scope of work and deliverables. WBS is the standard for PMI
wild and otherworldly. The new scenery was as lush as if I had been plopped into Neverland itself. My bitter feelings instantly faded. Biking through the purple lupine fields was a magical end to a demanding day. My lesson of the day: Don't be afraid to try new things and have flexibility if they do not work out as perfectly as planned. My biking experience had more hiccups than I had predicted, but biking in Iceland was a once in a lifetime experience. Utah snow is world famous. In a location with pristine snow and more resorts than one can choose from, how does one... well, choose?? I struggled with the dilemma during a recent visit. I was down to my last day and I had only seen two resorts. I wanted to end with a bang without draining my bank account on a lift ticket. I gave up and resorted to asking my local friend for direction. "You need to go to Sundance". Sundance? I was baffled. This resort had barely made my radar. While I had pondered the pyramid hierarchy of ski resort awesomeness for days, it took my friend no time at all to respond to me."Not Snowbird or Park City?" I bantered. Nope, he was firm. Well that settled my predicament. At the very least it would bring me some mental clarity since I no longer had to wrestle the decision. If you go to Utah and don't visit Sundance Resort, you are doing it wrong. I immediately felt at home at this resort, as if I had been snowboarding there since I learned the difference between regular and goofy. In a world obsessed with modernizing everything, Sundance has made a point of preserving that nostalgic ski culture that we all love and miss. Okay, so the staff is nice. Is that a good enough reason to opt for Sundance over a larger resort? In retrospect, Sundance is one of the smaller resorts, but the views are not. I almost fell off the chairlift gawking at the scenery. From the base to the peak, every corner of the resort offered views that even Ansel Adams would have to stop and photograph. The character didn't stop at the lodge. The terrain kept me smiling from trail to trail. Feeling hungry? Stop at the peak for the most scenic nachos in the game. The Bearclaw Cabin is the only mountaintop lodge in Utah. If the sun is out, opt to sit outside in one of the zero gravity chairs. Sun and snow, can you beat it? If you want a resort with big hearts, big views, and a touch of home, you need to go to Sundance Resort. The sunshine state usually cultivates images of lazy beach towns with a weird abundance of shaggy-haired surfers with names like "Zander" or "Brock". If you don't think of surfing, chances are you think of a retirement home paradise with every pm dinner special you could imagine. I am not here to knock your idea of Florida, because both scenes I just described exist in North Florida. I mean what's wrong with eating your food truck burrito while your barefoot at a reasonable time so hard to get on board with? You have time for dessert and digestion before you catch those zzz's! This is a battle meant for another day. If you aren't into shredding the gnar or attending senior bingo, you may wonder what Florida has to offer other than concrete amusement parks. Rejoice my friends because I have a solution. Though it may not be topping your vacation brochures, Florida offers great places for paddle sports. These sports can be enjoyed by any age group. Are you a seasoned kayaker looking for a challenge? Opt to try paddle boarding instead for a great core workout that perfects your balancing skills. Are you more into the outdoors just to get a tan? Select a tandem kayak and make your buddy do the brunt of the work. I know this because I've been the recipient of this. As I paddled with all my might in Norway and wondered why we weren't going faster, my friend Randy sat behind me happily snapping photos enjoying the fruits of my labor. I did not learn my lesson, however, since here I am recommending his devious plan to all of you. Just make sure your friend takes the front seat and doesn't read this passage. You're welcome. The Aloha state is paradise: sunny, laid-back, umbrella drinking mai-tai kind of paradise. Though many people come here to do nothing more than read their book on the island's 30 miles of beaches, Maui can also be an adventure hot spot. I mean literally. The highest peak on the island is the world's largest dormant volcano. The impressive Haleakala volcano never ceases to draw in outdoor enthusiasts from around the globe. Want to feel like Hawaiian royalty? Opt to catch a mesmerizing sunrise from it's peak. Haleakala National Park offers guests more than just the star of the show. The park offers beach access but my favorite swimming spot of the entire Maui trip was dunking into the Seven Sacred Pools, or the Pools of 'Ohe'o. If mermaids emerged from the depths, I would have thought it perfectly normal. I loved being able to climb up to a series of the falls and sit under the cool,flowing water as I looked out at the ocean. Some pools are more popular and accessible than others. As I mentioned, the pools flowed into the Pacific so that contrast in scenery was fantastic. Pack a picnic to make a great day of pool adventures. Swimming does not get more exotic than this. After you have your fill of swimming, continue hiking through Haleakala National Park to dry off. Your efforts will be rewarded when you reach a stunning bamboo forest. You may think you accidentally arrived on another continent with the landscape change. Haleakala is not to be missed and you can access it off of the famous Road to Hana. The road itself merits a few days to explore. Opt for a convertible so you can soak up as much roadside scenery as you can. If you are still craving big views, end your trip with a cherry on top. A helicopter tour of Maui may not be the most physical tour you can do, but I promise you will be feeling the adrenaline. The tour gives you access to views you would never be able to see otherwise. Get close to peaks and waterfalls alike. The views are breathtaking and you may just get the feeling that you are about to be dropped off in Jurassic Park. I can never be satisfied with doing everything just like everyone else. If I am going to a stereotypical tourist spot. I need to have an element that is different. While doing my research for antelope canyon, I found just what I was looking for to satisfy my stubborn self. Hidden Canyon Kayak was Arthur and the day trip through Antelope Canyon was my sword in the stone. At first I was a bit disappointed to see how large my group size was. In the past I have been spoiled with much smaller guide to tourist ratios in my travels. Once in the water, however, the problem dispersed as quickly as waves off my boat. The guides were good at accomodating people of all ability levels. As a frequent kayaker, I had a much faster pace than most. The guides recognized this, and made sure I did not feel restrained. Once we reached antelope canyon, we were released to explore the slot canyon on our own to a certain point. Again, I was happy to hear this since I much preferred being alone than attached to families I didn't know. It was a thrill to be able to skip, run, and even sing if I wanted to down these beautiful corridors. I loved this tour and would recommend it to anyone. The guides were relatable and I enjoyed my time talking to them. My only recommendation is if you are an experienced kayaker, let the guides know ahead of time and they will bring you a touring kayak. Compared to my kayak at home, the kayak I was given made me feel like I was moving through mud. Avoid this and request a more efficient boat. They just don't like to assign them to someone who is not experienced and has a higher chance to tip the narrow boats. Have you ever thought that mountain biking is cool, but it would be so much cooler to bike on Mars? I can't say i've been on this train of thought before, someone out there has been. To them I say, Mars is too far away. Sure you can keep fantasizing about the day that Richard Branson and Elon Musk unite like superheroes and create martian colonies complete with lotteries to fuel us basic humans with dreams of dual planet citizenship. Okay, maybe I have thought of this before. I digress. Biking in Page, Arizona may be the closest alternative. Really, the place is out of this world! So aren't my puns. Accessible right from town, I was told by a local to check out the Rimview trail. I stopped at a local shop, Lake Powell Paddleboards, and rented a mountain bike. A quick overview of a map and a heeding message of "there are parts of the trail that if you get hurt or can't finish, no one can come get you"and I was off. A little skeptical of my skill after my warning, I wasn't sure how my day would go. Quickly into the trail, my reservations disappeared. It was easy to with the beautiful desert landscape. The "rimview" gets its name for a very specific reason. In parts you were on the very edge of the trail with a steep drop off. If it got too hairy, I simply walked. It was my best option since I was alone and if I got hurt, I didn't want to think of the desolate potential situation. The views of Lake Powell were breathtaking. What blew me away was that I had the trail virtually to myself. In a busy tourist town,
in the metropolis, this is especially significant if you are a store or resort owner. You need to get a make it possible for to use it. Addititionally there is the possibility of a person having your rented dumpster collect over it should. Due to the fact each has a unique tonnage, ensure you do not exceed to limit, or you could end up paying an extra price. If you live inside Virginia, Dc or Maryland than you reside in a stunning area therefore you want to make it beautiful. Your location is satisfied with the beauty that will surrounds these people and you many want to servicing it. Where ever you live you want your home along with neighborhood kept clean and beautiful. For making things even easier, make sure you rent a compact dumpster that supports to two a lot of debris. It may be wise to rent a dumpster that is in wheels if you happen to need to go it in one area of your current driveway to an alternative area of your current driveway. You'll be able to request from the company that will rents the dumpsters to send skids along to protect your current driveway. This gives you a a feeling of relief realizing that your provided driveway won't have any harm done to it. Before hiring a 30 yard 6 Yard Dumpster in Poteet, TX, you need to be sure to are following all the rules of your area. For example, should you be cleaning out your current apartment and you are the occupant, you must ensure that your complex has enough living space to place the bigger dumpster in the parking area. Nevertheless, when you cleaning each of our home or business, you need to make sure that your metropolis laws permits keeping this on the street. Do not misjudge the size of these types of dumpsters, as they call for plenty of living space. Homeowner's interactions or equivalent organizations might not exactly allow it. Even though, you can find a ideal solutions for all, but it's preferable to seek approval in advance as compared to waiting along with watching. A neighborhood 6 Yard Dumpster in Poteet, TX can be reputable, affordable as well as the best solution for all dumpster needs. Whether or not you want to take away construction spend or even regular debris, community dumpsters will be the treatment for all those requirements. Local renting ensure that every one of the companies involved with this business produce high quality providers to their clients be it the roll- off renting or box rentals. All one needs to caused by get providers locally is to simple phone the local dumpster renting and the assistance will be transported to you on period. A local 6 Yard Dumpster in Poteet, TX (LDR) also offers simple procedures that one must undergo just before getting the assistance. That is one only calls for to make one call to your LDR and then link to a organization that will give you the services with virtually no hassles including filling associated with lengthy types and proposal of midst men inside accessing the firms. The charges that is required is actually spelled out and then there are no concealed fees along with gimmicks ahead of the provision of the service. The particular LDR enables fast delivery of service providers that usually are within a person's local area thus avoiding unwanted delays. With the LDR the price of the service is in addition considerable fair, price is vital to any provided service or product as well as the LDR ensure that the box rentals and in some cases roll off of rentals usually are reasonably priced. When you have a major remodel or reconstruction project, possessing one giant dumpster means you just have one ways of removing the squander. Forget about a number of trips to the actual landfill plus the fees they demand. Have a 6 Yard Dumpster in Poteet company drop off a dumpster in your front yard and fill it up. You save income by chopping back on gas, unnecessary journeys to the landfill, and coping with the material. And they also will choose and dump your dirt for you. The very next time you have a reconstruction project, make certain to call a 6 Yard Dumpster in Poteet company to help in keeping your squander to a minimum. This sort of trash possesses to go for speedy clearance which usually otherwise will certainly put you to several problems. The garbage piled up during these scenarios will be very bulky in nature and difficult to handle. Immediate settlement of these big tons of junk not only maintains you on the actual safe mode from the whole trash removal problems plus creates a setting to step ahead of time to regain the standard position. Commonly, roll away dumpsters are booked out in line with the amount of junk they can carry in terms of inner cubic yards, nevertheless heavier supplies will make the actual dumpster reach the edge long before it becomes completely filled. The actual volume of weight which can be put into virtually any container will depend on the size of the actual bin in question, so underneath is an outline of the standard roll away container rental sizes, along with their highest weight allowances. For your safeguard and safety, find a rubbish removal company with trucks and staff that are insured and licensed. Confirm that the actual hauler is insured and licensed. The hauler should be fully covered by workman's compensation, common liability, and auto insurance. Fundamentally, what it boils down to is that the much more local a company is, the greater they're going to cherish providing an excellent experience for every single customer. But they also will also be much more equipped to accomplish that. They possibly use a neighborhood facility, and that means you won't be spending to ship the trash much, far away. As being a bonus, you may be putting income into your personal, local economic climate rather than just eating an already big corporation. If you're still unpleasant, just offer the business a phone call; if they may take the time to converse to you before you are satisfied, chances are that the rest of the experience will probably be just as pleasurable. If you are on the opposite stop of the array and bought a previously owned property that needs a yard clean up, you can also rent a next day dumpster. You might have gotten an agreement on a property you want to your house that you bought due to foreclosed. Too bad the actual yard can be a complete clutter and disaster. The lawn will not look like it has been wiped out once you get their hands on it when you finally rent a following day dumpster. You can save income by seeking a 6 Yard Dumpster in Poteet yourself, a high level homeowner, and contractors may have learned where the ideal 6 Yard Dumpster in Poteet sites are usually. If you are a first timer or maybe someone hunting to save some money, then the few rental web sites online can certainly quote a good selling price and get a nearby dumpster of the suitable size to your blog as soon as possible. Nearly all demo substance that's taken from a home may be divided into about three types -- devices and cabinets which may be recycled, actual junk, and supplies which can be separated out in to separate supplies which may after that be mailed off to the actual recycler. The following types of dumpsters that you can get are throw off dumpsters. They are the dumpsters that are most in-demand in the rubbish disposal project. They are distinctly designed to manage huge a great deal of waste generated in the large projects including construction, household renovation, and also yard clear and structure projects. Garbage accumulated upon completion of most of these projects doesn't only be incredibly huge, but also very ungainly in nature. The roll away from dumpsters is usually mounted on wheels in order to easily be folded on to the pickups. These throw off dumpsters staying enclosed together with the double gates, one at the top and one towards the bottom will aid easy dumping into the dumpster even so huge it is. Not all the particular roll away from dumpsters will match every kind of the project; the idea differs from project to project. A 10yard dumpster is a best match for a home renovation project, a 30 property for structure project and a 40 property for industrial disposal. Renting a dumpster provides the simplest way to eliminate trash during a home project. Maryland's cities offer limited rubbish pickup. This specific trash collection is limited in order to bagged rubbish that is released to the road in a trash can. The trash have to be separated according to local trying to recycle laws also it must not meet or exceed a certain rubbish bag control. This control varies from location to location within Annapolis; you must check your local trash collection regulations as a way to comply with their own trash collection standards. Dumpster leases in Annapolis are available as a result of online buying and can be delivered the very next day. Once you are done in putting in an order with garbage rental company specifying your requirements, you are going to receive an instantaneous price quote from your representative of the business stating information of rates. The professional experts with the company possibly helps you when choosing the right sort of dumpster that fits within your tailored prerequisites. Attic, Car port or Entire house Clean Out: The can help you full your household clear job more quickly by placing it more detailed the area to get cleaned. What's more, it eliminates the particular eyesore and also safety hazard created when piling the particular bulky goods & trash way up at the curb. These dumpsters is usually filled with aged furniture, clothes, broken toys, old mattresses, car and also bike areas, carpeting, loft and storage area debris or another type of general household rubbish. You may want to furthermore clean out your barn. You can rent a compact, medium or maybe large dumpster to have the job done. You might need a large dumpster should you have a lot of crap that will squeeze into ten pickup truck loads. 12 pickup plenty or 4 tons could be the limit to get a large dumpster. If your items meet or exceed four a lot, you will need to rent yet another dumpster to finish the position off. In the event you only need in relation to five collection loads compared to a medium dumpster is designed for you. The medium dumpster will hold up to about three tons of crap or dust. A
0s” because I know that they’re thinking of the other “The Haunting” (the 1999 Jan De Bont remake of the 1963 film with Liam Neeson and Catherine Zeta-Jones). I’ll have something to say about the remake later and why it definitely doesn’t work in comparison to its predecessor, but I truly love the original film. In fact, I love it so much to admit that it’s just my favorite scary film—it’s one of my all-time favorite movies. “The Haunting” is a superb, gorgeously-shot, very well thought-out chiller that uses psychological tension and character development in the same concepts of mystery and atmosphere. It takes place in a haunted house—Hill House, to be exact—and it’s about a group of characters who would like to investigate the supernatural occurrences of such a place but get much more than they expected. That premise sounds pretty simple, but Wise’s direction, along with great cinematography as well as great acting, makes it far more than what it could have been. Even if you don’t really find it very scary (it depends on whether or not you accept the “less is more” aspect—I’ll explain later in this review), it’s still a gripping psychological thriller, Gothic story, and character study. “The Haunting” begins with an opening narration over a shot of an ominous-looking mansion in the night, and right away, the narration sets up the premise in a most interesting way. I don’t think I’ve ever heard a depiction of a haunted house, or rather just exploring a haunted house, has ever been put in a better way. “An evil old house, the kind some people call haunted, is like an undiscovered country waiting to be explored. Hill House has stood for 90 years and might stand for 90 more. Silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there…walked alone.” And when the intellectual voice of Richard Johnson puts it like that, I think I might follow him as well as those his character, Dr. John Markway, are brought into his experiment. And yes, his experiment is simply to investigate any sort of paranormal activity while spending several nights in Hill House. The house is full of history that connects to further evidence that it may be haunted, which fascinates him even more. He wants to know if everything he’s heard and studied is as real as it may seem. Brought in on the project are Eleanor “Nell” Lance (Julie Harris), clairvoyant Theodora “Theo” (Claire Bloom), and the house’s cynical new heir, Luke Sanderson (Russ Tamblyn). Eleanor, in particular, is our main focus of the film, as we hear her inner thoughts a good amount of time and has the most compelling character arc of the group. She’s a meek, insecure, guilt-ridden woman who has spent most of her adult life caring for her sick mother until her death, leading to further severe guilt that she has to deal with everyday. She seeks to belong somewhere with somebody, which is why she does take a chance and leaves her sister’s apartment (where she sleeps on the couch), and steals her sister’s car to make her way to Hill House, where she is finally expected somewhere. Hill House itself is a marvel to look at. It’s a large, maze-like mansion that looks like a Gothic castle, with many secrets and unsettling decorations and such. Among the most notable unsettling locations in the house is the library, which features a tall, spiraling staircase that is very rickety and unsafe. The exteriors and interiors of Hill House are just extraordinary and the whole place gives off a creepy vibe. You definitely can tell that something is not quite right with this place. Eleanor notices this upon first arriving, thinking to herself that “it’s looking at me” and if she goes into this house, she’s afraid she won’t come out the same way. But she does come inside, get to know Markway, Theo, and Luke, and surely enough, many strange things occur with apparent supernatural forces at work here. But how much of the supernatural is actually “supernatural?” We spend so much time with Eleanor and we know that she isn’t quite mentally-stable because of her insecurities that sometimes take her over, so you have to wonder just how much of this ghost-story is actual ghosts and how much of it is actually in Eleanor’s mind. It’s evident that ghosts are real in these surroundings, as Eleanor is not the only one to experience these happenings. But what about when she explores the house herself and feels herself to be more at home, in a way depicted creepier than it sounds? Is she being controlled by the paranormal forces, is she letting in to her hopes of belonging somewhere, are her insecurities getting the very best of her? I won’t go into too much detail about what I get out of the connection between her and Hill House, but trust me when I say it’s an excellent psychological study. And that this is a character who seeks redemption and acceptance within a haunted house makes it even more unnerving. It’s hard to pick my favorite “scary moment,” as most people choose their own favorite scary moments from their favorite horror films (the opening in “Halloween,” the exorcism in “The Exorcist,” the shower scene in “Psycho,” and so on). There are literally more than I could think of right off the bat, and oddly enough, every time I watch the movie again, I find myself unnerved throughout the whole movie because of those many moments. To name some of these scenes, I’d start with the introduction in which we see in flashback (with help of Dr. Markway’s narration) the past historic happenings of Hill House (suicide, accidents, etc.)—it’s a great opening and also very well-crafted in how it’s able to set up the environment and build up suspense for the rest of the story, and of course quite unnerving. There’s the first occurrence on the characters’ first night in Hill House, as Eleanor and Theo are frightened by loud, pounding noises coming from outside their bedroom and hold onto one another in fear—the terror is genuine and the scares come as unexpected so that the characters’ fear becomes ours, because we know just about as much as they do. Most memorably, arguably, is the scene in which Eleanor awakens at night to hear what sounds like a child being beaten and crying in pain. She wants to yell but is too afraid to, and she holds hands with Theo who is obviously as frightened as she is because, as we hear through Eleanor’s inner thoughts, she is holding on to her hand a little too tightly. When she finally yells “STOP IT!” and the lights turn on, she looks to see that…nobody was holding her hand the whole time. This is a perfect “scary moment”—the buildup, the tension, and the payoff are all very well-handled, making the standard-but-needed question “Whose hand was I holding” seem all the more impactful. There are many more moments like that in this movie. And do I even need to mention that the aforementioned “tall, spiraling staircase” comes into place for a crucial moment later? The casting of the four principal roles is spot-on. Julie Harris is excellent as Eleanor, creating a believable portrait of an odd, meek woman who is possibly misguided to find a place to feel accepted. It’s a great performance and it makes “The Haunting” more of a character study than a haunted-house story. Richard Johnson is also great as Dr. Markway, a man who could convince you to jump off a cliff if he found a solid reasoning behind it. I love the way he puts the supernatural occurrences most of us have heard of, particularly the difference between “ghosts” and “ghouls.” Claire Bloom makes Theo her own character and also gives a certain indication that she might actually be a lesbian, which could explain why she acts the way she does toward Eleanor (compassion mixed with teasing most of the time) and also would give another disturbing sense in the scenes when they’re the only ones in a room together. Bloom makes risky decisions with this role, but they’re never over-the-top and are played effectively. I even enjoyed Russ Tamblyn’s comic relief—as Luke, Tamblyn plays a man who doesn’t believe in the supernatural or the phenomena; he’s just protecting his investment after being left the house and simply enjoys poking fun at whatever experience or little detail that the other characters bring up. He’s a smooth, wisecracking guy who likes to drink and crack jokes (“This ghost I can expect in my room tonight—is it male or female?”), which makes his ultimate belief in what’s really happening here all the more effective because all this time, he has served as a representation for some of the more cynical audience members. When he finally seems as scared as everyone else, it’s believable. The filmmaking serves as another reason “The Haunting” works as well as it does. A good number of shots in this movie looks like it’s been fully prepared for first, so that we feel a hint of unease and also fascination. Even the reaction shots, which are mostly thankless, say something about the consistency—some of them are even at low angles with characters on either the right or left side of the screen. With a location as grand as Hill House, it’s important to know how to frame certain shots and Robert Wise obviously went out of his way to create something unique. “The Haunting” is undoubtedly my favorite horror film. Its scares are more than effective because of how much its psychological terror works well. The themes are very well-presented. The depictions of the “haunted” aspects of this house and the occurrences are fascinating to listen to. The lead character of Eleanor is a great character for this sort of
last thing I did, apart from the Waves on Canvas project was a collection of remixes for Kirsten Hersch, the singer for Throwing Muses, because in a period around 2006-7 she was recording the tracks of her new album and releasing the tracks of the songs on the web. So I was just taking the vocal parts and doing the rest, a brand new arrangement with new chords, new tonal centre. Just then I was just starting to think differently about electronic music. So this is just my background, I was taught classical music, I played bass in a band but in the meantime I was still tweaking my computer at home, I embraced electronic music, but now it is like being back home again. Just being what I was when I started making music when I was a child. Innerversitysound: So the immediate reception of At Home Piano Book (Volume One) on Home Normal was decisive in its endorsement of your new approach to music. Can you tell us a bit about this album and how the collaboration with Ian Hawgood came about? Stefano: Basically I started making these little compositions on the piano, they were just little ideas. I sat at the piano when I had ideas and if I felt they were interesting I just recorded the scratch idea on the iPad. So then I started to compose them properly with a kind of structure and my idea was to make a collection of piano impressions, like little water colours, something like that. Nothing too serious. I sent a few of those tracks to Ian, about 5 years back and he was really into those tracks. Then we started emailing and I felt quite lucky, because when you have a label like Home Normal, which is kind of busy, there are a lot of people sending stuff, I felt lucky anyway. And then we became friends. Of course there is a mutual friendship now between the artist and the label as well. I wanted to keep that feeling of playing in a room, a very simple thing. Innerversitysound: You are incorporating minimal electronic touches and processing. Has it receded so far into the background that it may eventually disappear? Or has the impression of the knowledge gained by exposure to these forms indelibly informed your composition of classic forms? Stefano: There is a future release that will be out in September that is based on a work of a friend of mine who makes paintings and cartoons as well. He was living in Japan for about 9 years, he worked with Sakamoto, designed a Swatch and he made this last book about his memories in Japan. I was really inspired by his latest work because I love Japanese culture as well and then I wrote and produced this new album called Japanese Notebooks. It features some electronicia, but very subtle, there is also some in Leaf. It is just a little colour and nothing that characterises too much the overall sound. What I still like about elements that come from electronic are the sub-basses and that round warm feeling. And that is just from a simple sine wave, a regular oscillation of a wave. Yes there is still electronic music but very few and just in a very delicate measure. I am planning to use some electronic elements like arpeggios of simple waves to be a part of an arrangement in the future. I am thinking about this idea but mostly it is just acoustic music. I don’t want to be a second hand Max Richter or things like that because mostly I am still exploring and looking for a language of mine of course for otherwise it would not be very useful to be out there and be a clone of someone. Innerversitysound: You formed an ensemble which is a change from the solitary electronic musician. It involves a good deal more interpersonal communication. How did forming this ensemble come about and can you tell us a bit about the dynamics of working with 3 other people in an ensemble has changed your practice? Stefano: If you make electronic music for instance, you have a very immediate response to what you are doing because you are just playing sounds with a machine. You have got those sounds, just suddenly. When you score, when you write music on a score, yes you can make sounds to make a sort of pre-production of what you have in mind. But then again when you play with real players it will sound different again. So it’s really exciting and interesting because a player is not a machine and he will play differently every time and it will depend on how tired he is from his feeling of the day; a lot of variations can happen and anyway real instruments forever change. Yes the real feeling is in the score but the overall feeling of the track can change of course. This is something that fascinates me a lot because we are humans, we are faulty humans by nature so it’s great to transpose this aspect into music. We are not talking about recorded music that will sound the same every time you play it to your friends but music that will change every time and it’s great. I love this, I really need this aspect from music to be alive, in a way. Innerversitysound: In Quiet Fracture on the Leaf album is the most sound designed piece of the recent few albums. Is this interlude kind of thing going to happen more often or was it something that just occurred in the making of the album. Stefano: Yes, Leaf, it’s an album of that started when my father started being ill. And my father now has a very serious illness. And this illness was showing by some very strange events like from time to time he was falling but we underestimated what was happening. Quiet Fracture is about something that is very slowly starts to go, in this case it was my father, and then shows in itself completely. So there are some steps and some laughter from a few women. This is quite symbolistic about something that starts to show inside and then grows as a big laughter. Yes that album it is written, ‘from my father, to my father’ and it was a very bad time and for some reasons it still is. It’s quite personal to be honest. Innerversitysound: In reading background material about what you do I stopped at you commenting that you had adopted a very simple attitude towards life and music generally. If you could elaborate on this turn to simplicity and its effects on the whole of what you do in life. Stefano: Simplicity, simple things, it is a value that I make mine a lot. For instance my decision to move on from electronic music to apparently more simple music. Like the title Leaf, it is just a small green element that we see on the side of the road, in the trees, but if you move your attention to the inner structure of the leaf, in this structure you see a lot of little path roads and this is a clear symptom that simplicity shows us a different world if you take the right pathways and if you approach simplicity with the right attitude. I have been doing Zen meditation for about 10 years in my life so I am really attached to a simple approach to life which is not a basic approach. It is just simple because then by embracing simplicity you can embrace the complexity of life as well. So it is something very connected. Like for instance when I was making electronic music I had complexity at hand very easy because of sounds, because of all those electronic elaborations on sounds as well. But to me it wasn’t that interesting anymore. But if you use just simple sounds and you give them the proper attention to the inner structure of a simple acoustic sound, it has a lot of things that change every time. Like if you struck a note on the piano and every time it will resonate differently and this is apparently a simple sound which it definitely is not. This is an example of simplicity not being simple at all. Simplicity being a great and a good example of the complexity of life itself. Because simple things to me are just the first side of the real complexity of life. Innerversitysound: Your album Japanese Notebooks is slated for later this year. Is it completed yet, or is it still in production or in Ian Hawgood’s very long cue for mastering? Stefano: The album is just finished, mixed and mastered. I finished it in January and I am leaving it to ‘take the dust’ for 4 to 5 months and then I will listen to it again to fix a few things with fresh ears and a fresh mind because you have to take the distance from things at a certain point. Possibly, I don’t know yet, I will ask someone to master it. I still have to decide. I usually master things myself, I am very much of a DIY person, and I really love this attitude. I do almost everything about my job; like promoting, producing, I have my own label as well, Stella Recordings, for my stuff, so it’s really important for me to have most of the things under my control. I rarely work with people, one of these ones is Ian because I really trust him, we are friends, but I really trust Ian and his approach to music. So this album is basically finished, I just have to fix a few things here and there. But that’s it really. Innerversitysound: In terms of ambitions, or strategies when this simplicity gets a bit tricky and demanding. Have you an escape plan lined up? Stefano: My escape plan is that I will always have to be honest with myself and correct about what I am doing at the moment. And when all of this won’t work anymore I will ask myself what is happening and if I won’t have any reply for myself, I always tell myself and to my future wife as well, maybe I will stop making music as well. I hate the idea of riding the wave of what is going on at the moment because I wouldn’t be honest to myself and mostly I would be wasting my time. Because it is not written anywhere in the sky that I have to make music. Maybe there will be a time when I just
af, which rounds out IBM EMM solutions with customer experience management and analytics. As Lee explained, “A picture’s worth a thousand words,” and that’s precisely what TeaLeaf provides, the ability to look at snapshots of individual user sessions to help determine where, exactly, it is that you’re driving them crazy with your convoluted web experience! But where Lee really “hooked” the audience was in his observations about the Generation C customer, who is more connected and in control than ever! Did you know that 4 in 10 smartphone users search for an item in a store? Or that 77 percent of B2B buyers check with their peers before buying? Which, he expanded, means that it must work more closely with other disciplines and functions, including merchandising, on- and offline sales, customer service, and even with IT. But, Lee indicated, they can’t stop there. Marketing must also share customer insights with other parts of the business so that all functions can benefit from these insights. Finally, they must extend that sharing of customer insights with other key stakeholders who can benefit: Partners, agencies, customer communities, and so forth. Lee also explained that many organizations must adjust their marketing cultures to fully capitalize on the “Generation C” (“C” for “connected”) culture. They must build organizations that balance analytics and creative talents (easier said than done!), work with IT rather than around IT, and break down marketing siloes — digital and traditional marketing must consolidate and collaborate. Finally, accept mistakes and learn from them, and be agile enough to iterate and improve upon them. As even Lee can explain, there are only so many opportunities to double down in blackjack, and in business. The enterprise marketing management opportunity vis-a-vis IBM’s Smarter Commerce strategy is one of those rare opportunities. Well, that day of the year has finally arrived. That day where we all slink into our offices after four nice, long, official holidays where (mostly, we hope) people stay away from their computers and mobile phones and tablets and God knows whatever other else connected devices just long enough to make it feel like you got some real rest (even though many of you were probably dealing with unrelated, but similarly frustrating, realities —you know, like screaming kids and antagonizing in-laws). And all you could do was think about how nice it would be to come back into the nice peaceful and quiet office on Monday so you could get back to…shopping. Yes, boys and girls, cyber Monday has arrived. But judging from the results of the IBM Coremetrics Benchmark Black Friday e-retailing analysis, you really need not worry about coming into the office anymore just so you can get yourself an extra slurp of broadband. This is 2011, yo, all you gotta do is break out that iPad and you’ll be standing in front of Macys women’s wear or Best Buy’s electronics section in seconds! But while you’re out there figuring out your Cyber Monday strategy, I’m going to hit the highlights reel for the weekend in e-shopping. U.S shoppers apparently took great advantage of early sales this holiday, driving a 39.3 percent year-over-year increase in online Thanksgiving day spending while setting the stage for 24.3 percent online growth on Black Friday compared to the same period last year. Consumer spending increases. The aggressive shopping we witnessed on Thanksgiving Day this year carried over into Black Friday, with online sales increasing 24.3 percent annually. Mobile Bargain Hunting. Black Friday also saw the arrival of the mobile deal seeker who embraced their devices as a research tool for both in-store and online bargains. Mobile traffic increased to 14.3 percent (compared to 5.6 percent last year). Mobile Sales On the Getgo. Sales on mobile devices surged to 9.8 percent (a tripling from last year’s 3.2 percent). Apple’s One Stop Shop. Mobile shopping was led by Apple, with the iPhone and iPad ranking one and two for consumers shopping on mobile devices (5.4 percent and 4.8 percent respectively). Together, the iPhone and iPad accounted for 10.2 percent of all online retail. Apparently, it ain’t easy bein’ an Android on Black Friday. The iPad Factor. Shoppers using the iPad led to more retail purchases more often per visit than other mobile devices, leading one to wonder about the real estate to deal closing ratio. The bigger the device, the larger the average order value? Possibly, but this number can’t lie: Conversion rates for the iPad were 4.6 percent, compared to 2.8 for all other mobile devices. The iPad was this weekend’s e-shopping mobile king. Social Influence. Shoppers referred from Social Networks generated 0.53 percent of all online sales on Black Friday, with Facebook leading the pack and accounting for a full 75 percent of all social network traffic. Social Media Chit Chat. Boosted by a 110 percent increase in discussion volume compared to 2010, top discussion topics on social media sites immediately before Friday showed a focus on the part of consumers to share tips on how to avoid the rush. Topics included out-of-stock concerns, waiting times and parking, and a spike in positive sentiment around Cyber Monday sales. Surgical Shopping Goes Mobile: Mobile shoppers demonstrated a laser focus that surpassed that of other online shoppers with a 41.3 percent bounce rate on mobile devices versus online shopping rates of 33.1 percent. This data came from findings of the IBM Coremetrics fourth annual Black Friday Benchmark, which tracks more than a million transactions a day, analyzing terabytes of raw data from 500 retailers nationwide. With this data, IBM helps retailers better understand and respond to their customers — across the organization — improving sourcing, inventory management, marketing, sales, and services programs. You can get more background on the study here. Black Friday: U.S. Online Retail Up 20% Year-Over-Year! I had absolutely nothing to do with shopping today, online or off. But I seemed to have been a minority, and for those retailers looking to the holiday season to help bolster an otherwise anemic year, they will be excited by the news delivered today by the IBM Coremetrics e-retailing Black Friday Benchmark Report. No flies on those guys! Apparently they were too busy counting everyone else’s clicks to pursue any of their own. Click image to enlarge. Black Friday e-retail sales in U.S. were up 20% over the same period last year, with consumers turning to mobile devices like smartphones and tablets for their e-shopping efforts more than they ever have. E-retail sales at major online retailers were up 20 percent as of 3 P.M. EST this afternoon, compared to the same time on the Friday after Thanksgiving last year. The survey monitors some 500 major U.S. Online retailers, and the 20 percent is in line with the 20 percent year-over-year increase IBM was reporting mid-day yesterday. However, apparently lots of folks are holding out until they’ve allowed the turkey trytophan to kick in and the evening football games to start, because full-day online Thanksgiving sales ended 39 percent up over the holiday last year and they soared Thursday evening. Mobile devices also played a much bigger role in online shopping this year, according to the benchmark. Shoppers are making 9.73 percent of their purchases from mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets, about the same as Thanksgiving day. And, as much as 17.37 percent of traffic to e-retail sites is coming from mobile devices, higher than even the 15.2 recorded yesterday. Consumer spending increased: Online sales were up a healthy 15.9 percent, with consumers pushing the average order value up from $170.19 to $190.80 for an increase of 12.1 percent. Luxury goods are making a comeback. Jewelry retailers reported a 17.6 percent increase in sales. Social shopping. Consumers appear increasingly savvy about their favorite brands’ social presence, and are turning to their social networking friends for information about deals and inventory levels. Though the percentage of visitors arriving from social sites is fairly small relative to all online visitors — nearly 1 percent — it’s gaining momentum, with Facebook dominating the space. Department stores. They’ve become the research engine of choice for consumers looking for Black Friday deals and product promotions. As a consequence, shoppers are spending 17.7 percent more time year over year on department store sites. Health and Beauty. A reported rise of 73.1 percent in the number of new consumers completing their first purchase on their sites and a 53.4 percent jump in the number of visits in which consumers completed an order. In-Store Sales for Consumer Electronics and Appliances. These are expected to increase 3.5 percent this year compared to last, with consumers spending a larger-than-usual share in November, according to an analytics-based forecast from IBM’s Global Business Services division. U.S. consumers have been increasing their savings relative to disposable income, from 2 percent in 2007 to nearly 6 percent today, which has led to strong pent-up demand for consumer electronics and appliances, both of which are typically seen as necessities in today’s economy. Stay tuned here on the Turbo blog for other upcoming reports on the holiday season’s retail tidings. It’s still Black Friday, we still have the weekend, and Cyber Monday is a full three days away! The weekend in sports proved to be as about as exciting as I had hoped. Northern Ireland’s Darren Clarke became the third man from that region to win a golf major in 3 of the last 6, and it was Clarke’s first British Open title. And as to the U.S. Women’s soccer team, they played a nailbiter of a match, but in the end the team from Japan
it after my lesson today. Sadly, he didn’t know about proficiency points, but he did comment on another type of points used by ballroom studios which I found intriguing. Also, I did a little more research and found on http://DanceForums.com some old comments about the proficiency points. You can see the comments I found here. First, the database is not current. I don’t even know if you can find it. Someone who is on the USA Dance board must have been in the conversation because he or she commented that they needed someone to volunteer to keep up with the points. I guess you are supposed to keep track of them yourself! Well, I for one, haven’t been doing that. Second, the link Ellen sent me on the USA Dance page that directs you to the rules about the Proficiency points is outdated. I guess there have been changes (that a couple must now only accrue 200 points instead of the 300 mentioned in the pdf file) that aren’t reflected in that edition of the rules. But the plot thickens. These mystery proficiency points are only applicable to USA Dance sanctioned events. USA Dance isn’t the only governing body of ballroom dance. There are different proficiency points and rules for the National Dance Council of America (NDCA) and the Youth College Network (YCN). So there are points you accrue in competition. But after my conversation with Ivan, I have learned there are also points you can accrue at a studio. Now, I don’t purport to have expertise in this area because I’ve never danced in a ballroom dance franchise studio. I’m going on what Ivan told me. If things are different, feel free to comment below and fill us all in. At least this is what I gather went on at Ivan’s studio when he was employed by a franchised studio. Students accrue points and have proficiency tests to determine what level they are at: pre-bronze, bronze, silver, etc. Then packages are sold around getting to the next level. Like for every lesson you take or every figure you learn it’s recorded and there are charts of points and where you are. There are also charts proclaiming which student is which level, so you can compare yourself to other students and follow your and their progress. To me, this seems a bit weird. I guess it is great for goal setting and is some form of monitoring progress, but just knowing the steps in the gold syllabus doesn’t necessarily, I think, mean you are a gold level dancer – meaning that you might be dancing a gold step with bronze level technique. What it does do is give a person a sense of being able to put a feather in their cap. I’ve had people ask me what level dancer I am, but since I have no points or proficiency tests to go on, I honestly don’t know. I have no idea what level the steps I know are considered nor my level in terms of technique. Seems like another VCR manual to me, but at least this one only applies to amateurs. I still don’t know what this means if I’m dancing Pro/Am since my proficiency in Pro/Am shall not be used in determining my amateur proficiency level….though I don’t dance Am/Am, myself! Sheesh! I think it’s an interesting topic, but still kind of a mystery even after all this writing and after all the various research! So, now the ball is in your court. Do you know anything about points tracked in ballroom? What do you think of these point systems? Does your studio use them? How? Have you heard of them in the context of NDCA or USA Dance? Have you kept track of yours? What do they mean….really? I’m curious to know. Ooohhh, I’m a bit nervous writing this post, but I think it is a very important subject that is not often talked about. It kind of relates to my previous post about when learning to dance that you make sure you find an instructor that can teach in a way that you can understand and process. And if it’s not working out, to feel free to move on to a different instructor who can suit your needs. Sometimes that can be a little tricky. One of those situations where it is easier said, than done. The topic I’m talking about is whether or not as a dance student we are free agents, at liberty to dance with whichever instructor we desire and the sometimes-weird possessiveness that the instructor or studio may exhibit for his/her/its students. When it all boils down, I personally believe that I am the customer, I am the one paying to learn, and I should be able to go wherever I want to do that. However, it actually isn’t as black and white as that. It isn’t as easy to navigate as one might think. Hopefully you can avoid some of the difficulties I’ll mention by doing “dancer-views” before settling on a particular instructor. I plan to write a post later on about how to go about the process of finding and selecting an instructor, so I’ll leave that for another time. However, even if you do your due diligence, it may not always be possible to stay with your current instructor indefinitely. Life happens. I’m with my third instructor, and in both previous cases, there were life events that pushed that change along. But for now (and for what I hope is a long, long time to come) as you know from the blog, my primary instructor is Ivan, who is an independent dance instructor. He is my #1. Any place I go to take group classes or whatever (unless it is just social dancing or I’m not there enough for it to matter and it’s none of their business) is aware of my instructor. Conversely, Ivan is aware that I take group classes at Inna’s studio, and I often inform him if I go social dancing as well, out of courtesy. With Ivan, he has made it clear that if I want to dance with other instructors for ballroom, then I need to not dance with him. Coaching would be a different situation, or a lesson with Marietta or Nona as a one time deal for styling or something would be fine too, and he’d know about it. But if I want to learn something that he doesn’t have expertise in, like West Coast Swing, or Argentine Tango, then I just have to tell him my desire and he’d be cool with that. That is the arrangement we have set up. But the point is, we had a conversation about it. At no point did I go behind his back and do things. I wouldn’t want to risk losing him as an instructor. We have this agreement set up and I respect it. Somehow, however, I’ve managed to be dancing at like three different places (sometimes more), but this is not, from what I’ve heard, the “norm” when it comes to ballroom dancing. And if you are going to go that road, it is extremely, extremely important to be respectful of the professionals at each location, as well as their students, and the relationships between them. It is extremely, extremely important to be upfront and clear on what relationship you have to each place you dance. Otherwise, things can get very messy, very quickly! From my past personal experience, and from that of others who have shared with me, some teachers and studios can become almost possessive of their students. I can even understand it, to a point. They want to protect their business and that only makes sense. However, I feel like it comes from a scarcity mindset – the idea that the instructor or studio has to keep the student away from any other dance influences for fear that the new or different dance instructor or class may “steal” the student away is focused on a fear of losing something. From my perspective, it isn’t possible to steal a student. If you are providing the value a student is looking for, they won’t go anywhere, no matter how many “other” group classes they take, or instructors they are exposed to. This would be an abundant mindset. But the fact is, some of the studios just don’t offer everything a person might be looking for. Not everyone offers Lindy Hop, or ballet. If I can’t get those at my primary studio, and I want them, I should be at liberty to go elsewhere to find them. My primary studio can always take that as feedback and grow such areas if they so desire. But to prevent me, threaten me, or guilt me into not doing more dancing if I have that desire, I feel is poor behavior. To allow myself to let any threat, or guilt deter me from what I really want is not okay either. However, there is really something to be said for sticking with one instructor or studio when its good for you, even if it is tough. Sometimes there are issues to work through, even if you adore your instructor. I’ve had a lesson or two with Ivan where we had to get clear on a few things and it wasn’t necessarily comfortable. But I’d choose being uncomfortable and having open, honest communication, than to lose a fab instructor any day of the week. That is just me. Again, as mentioned in a previous post, there isn’t necessarily one “right” way, the be-all and end-all way of dancing. That means that each instructor you learn from will give you some similar information, and some very different information than others. This can be very confusing and muddle the clarity of your dancing. A person has to be careful of not always thinking the grass is greener on the other side of the fence. It might be very green right where you are. Sticking it out with your instructor may be the best choice you ever make. Also, if you do decide to receive instruction from multiple sources, be aware that you may need to filter some of the information and make sure that you apply those things that will best serve you while leaving the rest behind. This will
with the cruise staff team while Dave worked on the ship wide tech team. After nearly 4 years of sailing the seven seas with Mickey Mouse, the two lovebirds decided it was time to start a life together on land, in far away New Zealand. For Brandy’s 28th birthday Dave surprised her with a fantastic trip to the Bay of Islands and Cape Reinga, the northern most point of New Zealand. It was here, overlooking the ocean, on the last day of their trip, that Dave got down on one knee and popped the question. Brandy of course said “yes!” and the excitement of planning their September 22 nd wedding began. When planning their wedding Brandy and Dave wanted a theme that reflected their life together thus far. They loved traveling, and decided to go with a vintage travel theme to match the grandeur feeling of the Ballroom at Church Street Station in downtown Orlando. Each table was themed around a different city in the world that they had visited together and of course they had to incorporate , at the head table no less, the Disney Fantasy Ship where they met. A ” Where in the world are you sitting? ” map directed guests to which city in the world they would be sitting and dining at. Party favors included a delicious candy station which included many different treats from the U.S , the U.K and New Zealand. A nice personal touch were the added photographs of each of their grandparents, on their wedding days ,which added the perfect vintage touch to their Ballroom at Church Street Wedding. Since Brandy and Dave are from two different countries the most important thing they wanted to make sure happened on their wedding day was getting their friends and families together, allowing everyone to get to know each other. Their guests came all the way to Orlando from Australia, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to celebrate with them, and celebrate they did with delicious food, lively dancing and drinking all night long until their fiery sparkler departure. Their Ballroom at Church Street Station Wedding was a huge success, that brought together 2 families, and 2 different cultures. All wedding days are a blur but no one will forget the epic Maid of Honors ” rap speech ” nor the fun father/daughter mash up dance Brandy did with her dad. Dave’s fondest memory was the tender and sweet dance with his grandmother to her favorite song. Congratulations Brandy and Dave, your wedding was great fun and S&S wishes you both many many years of happiness together!! I honestly can say that Madalyn was one of the most relaxed brides I’ve ever encountered , lucky Aaron! When a bride “goes with the flow” so to say the stress of the wedding is greatly reduced. If you have no theme other than choosing things you like how can you go wrong? Instead of having to find things that fall within your theme or “go with ” your theme you can simply find what works for you thus opening up all sorts of possibilities. Madalyn and Aaron chose Maison et Jardin for their beautiful April 1st Orlando wedding and it was refreshing and surprising to me how beautiful and elegant everything was for a bride who had no theme and no preconceived ideas about how her Central Florida wedding day should be. Congratulations to this wonderful and so in love couple, S & S Photography wishes you many years of health and happiness!! We went with a personal friend to DJ our wedding. He knows our preferences in music and he was so eager to make us happy on our big day! Would you believe that Mike & Paige’s parents and brother kept this proposed proposal secret for 3 WEEKS!! How her Mom kept that from her is beyond me, I would have burst from excitement! Paige and Mike eventually chose the beautiful Mission Inn Resort for their Orlando wedding. The day was rainy but nothing could dampen Paige and Mike’s excitement! All the planning , all the details, all came together ( with considerable help from their talented planner Katie Jimenez, owner of Big Day Celebrations, Katie@BigDayCelebrations.com) and their Mission Inn Resort wedding was a true celebration of the joining of 2 lives and 2 families. Here we are 2 months later and these 2 wonderful people are now busy helping others. Paige is a Pediatric Nurse Practitioner and Mike works in Law Enforcement protecting and serving the citizens of Orlando. Stan and I wish Paige and Mike a long, happy and healthy life together. These are 2 people that are thoughtful, kind, smart, gorgeous, and just plain NICE…good people as they say, with wonderful families supporting them. Lots of love to them!! Advice from the happy couple…” Always think about why your partner may be acting the way they are, whether they be happy, sad, mad,anxious etc. We find that this brings us peace and helps us to react in an appropriate way. We also encourage couples to ” not sweat the small stuff” . Is it really worth your energy to bring up that annoying thing that happened last week ; the answer is usually no. When there are big issues, talk about them and again, think about why your partner is acting the way they are. If you know what may be causing them their sadness, anger, anxiousness only then can you move in a direction towards happiness! Great words of wisdom Mr & Mrs. Hamm! Alyssa and Bud’s beautiful Venice wedding! Bud and Alyssa first met at a Chilies restaurant in 2013 after initially meeting on line via “Chemistry.com”. Clarence, AKA Bud, worked the night shift as an Orlando Police Officer and Alyssa, as she says,”being surrounded by engineers limited our dating scene so we both turned to online dating and it all turned out for the best!” Bud said that,” they talked for hours, about everything from work to zip lining, and unbeknownst to them, began laying the foundation of what would become a wonderful and lasting relationship.” Bud’s proposal began with an invitation to dinner and a movie, after which they headed for their favorite local spot, Cranes Roost. ” It’s where we first became officially boyfriend and girlfriend, and had our first kiss.” Bud even had a photographer there who, under the false pretense of “practicing” on them, proceeded to take their picture. Alyssa went along and agreed to ” have some stranger take our photo” Bud, after the first photo, got down on his knee and proposed! She said YES and now here they are, happily married newlyweds in 2016. August 6 th was the big day and Bud and Alyssa agreed that they wanted an outdoor themed wedding, without the outdoors…” Too hot for a Florida August outdoor wedding” said Alyssa. They chose the beautiful Plantation in Venice, a spot on the East coast close to where Alyssa grew up. One thing Alyssa knew for certain was that she wanted a cookie table at the reception. ” I was raised by my Mom and always grew up close to her, she was the one there through thick or thin. My Dad lived in NY so when I visited him he would make sure we had our time together by waking me up in the middle of the night and we would have Oreos and milk” How super sweet..pun intended! Everything came together beautifully on their wedding day in large part due to Alyssa being a very hands on and involved bride. “Everything was set up and made by myself or one of my amazing bridesmaids- from the homemade jams and the signs to the center pieces and the kids table!” Apart from a tiny thunderstorm that blew through as the ceremony was about to start the wedding was a success…lively & full of dancing and laughter, which ended with an exciting ecofetti departure. Alyssa and Bud Stan and I wish you two lovebirds a long, safe and prosperous life together and want to thank you for inviting S & S to be a part of such a momentous occasion in your lives! After 7 years of dating Chris unexpectedly proposed to Pam in June of 2015 at a Styx concert! “We had seen them twice before and were super excited to be able to go again. The show was incredible and we had a great hotel which we ended up at after the concert. Our room had a view overlooking a river and he suggested we take a walk along the boardwalk. I was a little curious since it was an odd time of night to go (around 11:30pm I think) but it was beautiful. We walked onto the bridge over the river and joked about how many spiders there were (I am afraid of them of course). He told me how much he loved me and promised he always would then asked if I would do the same and when I said yes he pulled out the ring. I promptly dropped the water bottle that I was holding onto his foot, I was so surprised! But we laughed and I practically screamed yes and the rest, as they say, is history.” Pam’s Mother had purchased a dress for her to wear at her prom many years ago at the Goodwill store in her high school home town of Lockhart , for $14.00. She ended up not being able to go to her Senior Prom and the dress stayed with her as she moved and relocated 3 times….she loved her dress too much to part with. No occasion seemed worthy of it, until Chris proposed…”After Christopher and I got engaged I had no doubt that I would wear my long lost dress, it was perfect. The theme, flowers and decor all fell into place after that! ” Stan and I loved Pam’s entire look…from her dress to her beautiful summer flowers in her hair, the inspiration coming from her childhood…”My mother wore a flower crown for her wedding and I remembered how much I loved playing with it when I was younger. I thought about buying a crown online but the cost was way higher than I expected and the colors were good but not perfect. It took many trips to a handful of craft stores but I was able to find the flowers that
I never used sessions in depth but I think i saw once a large route file linked in the sessions data file that was the major part of the route. This we have to avoid you understand. Replace asset is easy and handy so pls use it and let me now the new grasses do the job. Illecillewaet is the correct name. I understand your concerns about people getting hold of your route through other means. That will not happen with me. I shall be uploading 2 files to the DLS when ready. One is the Session and the other is a HTML file which will contain the instructions, messages, etc. Nothing of your route is included apart from your kuid in the Session config.txt that gives the map being used. What this means is that if someone hasn't bought the route and downloads the Session, they won't be able to play it as the route will be a 'Missing Dependency'. With your permission I'll add into the DLS description that the Session uses a Payware route only available from you at Roy's Trainz. You never know, it might bring in a few extra sales! If someone has already bought the route then everything is peachy. I've started the Session at Revelstoke CPR Yard and have now reached Illecillewaet (correct spelling thanks). I'll tidy up here and save a backup to external HD before I try replacing the grasses. thanks for the nice post and agree with you. Sorry for the late approval of the post. My webmaster adviced me to go this cumbersome way to approve outside posts since hackers/spammers keep bombarding the website relentlessly what fun they think they have is unclear to me but this world has more unclear habits and things happening. Thanks for the reply. I agree with you, these hackers are a menace. I installed the grasses ok but what I feared would happen, did. I could only save them in a new map with my kuid. This of course is no good as I need to upload a Session for use with your map, your kuid. What I think I'll do is to continue on to Wakely and stop there. I'll upload the Session and explain that it can only be played with your S301 map. I'll wait and see if there is any positive interest/feedback before deciding whether to carry on to Golden. Don't bother replying to this post. I'll put future posts on the Forum and let N3V worry about the hackers. If you go into the config of your session and change the route map the session refers to than, anyone who has the CPR in any form but different grasses eg should be able to run the route/session. When you have a test for me i can proof what I say when you ready. I have done this dozen times when a session linked to an older CPR version I wanted to link to a newer, changed the config map kuid the session has to run on and done. I understand what you mean when updating Sessions but this is your own kuid on your own computer and Trainz recognises this. When I replaced the grasses I can only save it in my kuid which Trainz gives me, like it or not. For instance: your map 122860:100035, after installing and saving the new grasses has now become 90608:100027, the 90608 being my kuid. This is fine as long as I don't want to upload the map to anywhere. It may now be in my kuid but doesn't belong to me. I think the way to go is to release the Session with the default map 122860:100035. I will add an instruction on how to change the map kuid in the Session to whatever they have on their system. This will not infringe your copyright as any player must have bought your original map before they can update grasses. All very complicated so I'll leave that for now until I get the Session finished. I'll come back to you at that time to see about testing. defying 58414 little critters and bugs the Rogers Pass passed my QA tests with "flying colors" after crashing first time after 2 hours without any normal reason than the exisitng Trainz bug. The route is now ready for dl for those interested in a 58414 1.07 version of this section. About wich trainz TS12 versions support my routes. Simple and straight forward ALL releases work 100% and dependencies of the route are all working and links for dl provided. It cannot be more simple and all in one place.If for any reason you feel well with the 49922 version dl this one from your account profile.I use the 58414 as the driver here runs particularly well, but earlier versions no problem. Can i ask what the file size is for the whole Route please Roy ?, Like to download the whole thing mate i am on a limited wireless service here and it would take for ever to download if the Route and Deps is too big. And does it only come in a winter version ?. Loks pretty cool the whole thing. sorry I just now checked the blog to see for comments that need approval. Many times hackers and sorts of try to ruin one's day and for unknown reason and sick pleasure that never works at least not with us. Ok the size of the entire route is a cdp/zip 199 MB! not that big even for a limited internet connection and my site has fast acces so dl would work fine. The deps are all grouped in smaller ones and also setup to fit as you said ltd acces internet connections. I am very pleased to see you around here and we would be more than happy to welcome you to our community. You will love it and yes the winter/seasonal groundtextures for a auto pre and post winter experience is included. Check my thread there are somewhere also winterpictures around. This should get you on the tracks with Roy's trainz. Thanks Roy i'll certainly grab it at sum stage mate, Few other projects i want to take care of first though so thanks again. Hate to be a pain again mate sorry but can i ask one more question, If i have not updated to the latest patchs for TS12 can i still use your Route ?. Or would i have to patch to the latest build ?. Thanks Roy. yes when you purchase my routes it will show you what to dowload for eg. 49922 WIN and MAC version and in case the 58414 release the coresponding CPR route working/updated for the version of TS12. Also I did "update a lot of built-in and other used cdp's to actualize them as far as feasible to run well on 58414. these routes look awesome, i'm currently downloading alot of stuff for other software and will buy CPR Mountain Subdivision in a couple of hours. I hope the download includes everything needed to run the route because i'm new to Trainz12. Thank You Roy for your work of Art :) Harry from Montreal, Canada. you make my birthday a complete success. thanks for the very nice comment. Welcome to Roys Trainz and YES there is one page containing ALL needed deps at your fingertips. OMG, WOW! Roy you're awesome! I just finished installing "Rogers Pass" and I am in shock at how beautiful the route looks in TS12. Your payware even looks better than Railworks TS2014......BRAVO! Do you remember if I have all the routes when I bought the $70 combo? If not, which one do I not have? Curious, thank you for all your hard work and beautiful creative things. The 3 in combo means that you bought the CPR Mountain Sub from Ottertail all the way to west of Revelstoke. I made for a limited time 3 separate "smaller" routes cutting/overlapping with the huge CPR MOUNTAIN connecting them via Iportals. The "smaller 3 sep routes" where temporarily I want to allow people to taste at "entry" level before deciding to go for the big one. Some users liked the smaller ones to run a few hours i.o. of 9 up all day. 99% bought and uses the CPR MOUNTAIN SUB. I did not anticipate so much work due to several bugs in any trainz version when cutting. Imagine eg deleting a baseboard does not mean all data within and crossing is deleted and you and up with "invisble floating elements" ouside your cut route. this morning Richard post on my trainz forum threads very touching post indeed! "Hi Roy and everyone else who views this thread. 5 days ago I had been in Trainz exile for around 4 years. If I am totally honest I didn't think I would ever take an interest in Trainz again having drifted onto other things. On Sunday afternoon I stumbled across The Kickstarter Project "Trainz Simulator - A New Era". Initially I made a modest pledge, I liked the idea and the more I read about it, the more my interest in the future of Trainz was growing. The fire was lit and within a few hours I was back on the Kickstarter page increasing my pledge. At this point I was going to take a back seat and strap myself in for the ride and watch the next 4 weeks unfold. It didn't stop there though, I still couldn't stop at pledge number 2. I decided I needed a bigger slice of the action and pledge number 3 was made within 24 hours of me starting all this. Having got this far and making a commitment to the future of Trainz it was time to dust down my last version of the game Trainz 2
temperature. It will also stop odor from absorbing into the mattress. It contains no harsh chemicals or chemicals that are flame retardant. The mattress is great for side sleepers and the company offers a limited 25 year limited warranty. The mattress is rolled up and compressed into the box for easy shipping. Feedback: The mattress had over 2200 review written about it. The customer has rheumatoid arthritis and says she can sleep on the sorest parts of her body and she has no pain. The pressure points are fine and she woke up at 7:30 in the morning and she felt like she had slept until 11:00 a.m. She was afraid to sleep on memory foam but she now has no reservations about it. The customer said they researched the product thoroughly and decided to buy this memory foam mattress. He had tried several other memory foam mattresses in the past. He ordered the product and it was delivered to the front door. The customer was told the box weighed 102 lbs. and the customer was impressed with how compact the mattress was in the box. He dragged the box to the bed the mattress was to go on. He took it out of the box and he let the mattress air out for s night. He slept in another room and the next night he slept on the new mattress. He slept fine until 3:00 am and then he woke up with the sweats. He slept off and on until the morning. He slept on the mattress the next night but he put a fan near the mattress to cool it down. The fan got the room to cool so he had to set the fan at a higher speed. He developed an acute tailbone lower backache. He could not afford this injury because he does heavy lifting at his work. He decided to return the product so he contacted Amazon. The rep said since the mattress had human contact that Amazon could not return the product. The rep said his credit card would be fully reimbursed. He could not believe Amazon would give the money back without taking the mattress back. Amazon told him to give the mattress away. The customer rated the product 2-stars. You cannot blame him for giving the product such a low-rating. The customer says this is the best mattress he has ever had except for a very expensive one his ex got to keep. This mattress did not sink in the middle or lose his form. He has had very good nights of sleep on the mattress and he gave it a 5-star rating. He highly recommends the product. This is a great mattress for the price. the customer says they have the mattress for a month and so far so good. The mattress is firm and the client likes to sleep on firm mattresses. The customer is disabled and cannot go to the store to try out a mattress to see what it is really like before he would buy it. He tried this mattress and was disgusted with it because it was not firm at all. He showed a picture of himself sitting on the mattress. It sagged a good 6 to 8 inches when the mattress was 13 inches high. It is definitely not a firm mattress. The customer is tired of reading reviews that do not meet his expectations concerning the product. He thinks maybe the reviews are fake because they seem to be wrong most of the time. Being a disabled person he really needs the reviews to accurately reflect the quality of the product. He called Amazon and they said to give the mattress away but we will still fully refund your money. He likes the way Amazon takes care of the customers. The customer rated the product one-star. The couple bought the mattress 3 years ago and they are disgusted with the product. They slept well on it at first but now they wake up in the morning with aches and pains. The mattress sagged in certain spots making it tougher to sleep. The rotated the mattress to try and alleviate the sags it did not work. They could not flip the mattress over because the thickness on the bottom is different than on the top. The customer said this mattress is only 3-years-old and is a lousy product. The customers rated the product 2-stars. The mattress was a solid mattress and it was easy to set up. The wife and husband were people of average weight so they cannot understand why the mattress would sag. They will not buy the product again and they do not recommend the product. Benefits and Uses: It is a knitted polyester and tencel blended fabric which will relieve tension on your shoulders and hips. The mattress is great for side sleepers and is so soft you will think you’re sleeping in the clouds. The mattresses 4 layers will have you sleeping in optimal comfort. The top panel supplies you with comfort. The memory gel section alleviates pressure and gives you support while you sleep. The internal breathable layer keeps you cool while you sleep. The foundational layer comes in soft, medium, and firm designations. You order what you want. The mattress comes with a 10-year non-prorated warranty and a 120 night comfort guarantee. Feedback: The customer said the mattress came in 18 inches and 41 inches square. It came in a heavy plastic shipping bag and it was easy to roll out of the bag. The customer put it on the mattress box and they waited two hours to sleep on the mattress. Contrary to what they had read and heard the mattress had no odor. The customer said they slept well on the mattress and that it was a foam mattress and not a memory mattress. The customer is right it is not a memory mattress but a foam mattress. The customer does not want a memory mattress. The customer rated the product 5-stars. The customer rated the product 5-stars and said it was very easy to set up. The product is very comfortable and this is all the customer writes. This is not a detailed review and tells us nothing about the quality of the product. Why is it great? Is it firm? Is it soft? The customer does not say why they rated the product 5-stars. The customer does not write if they slept soundly during the night or that they woke up refreshed in the morning. We do not know if the customer woke up in pain or if any previous pains were alleviated. This review has no selling value for future customers. The review is too general and neutral to convince anyone to buy or not to buy the product. This is not a very positive review because the customer rated the product 3-stars. Which really is an average rating. The customer bought a medium and firm mattress. The couple decided to sleep on the firm mattress and put the medium mattress in the guest room. The wife has had back issues for years and needed the firm support. The husband weighs 200 lbs and needs to find a comfortable position to sleep in. The firm mattress met this requirement. Despite this seemingly positive review, the customer rated the product 3-stars which sends strong mixed signals. The review will not convince people to buy the product. The customer says the mattress is like sleeping on a cloud as they said in their own words. They tried the mattress in the store and the longer they laid on it the better they liked it. They selected the firm mattress and they have rated the product 5-stars. They wrote the review the day this article was written 7/16/2018. So, it remains to be seen what the customer thinks about the product down the road. The customer pays the mattress was easy to set up and is comfortable to sleep on but they did not say why it was easy to set up or why it was so comfortable for them to lay on. The customer rated the product 5-stars. Two women wrestled the box mattress upstairs without any extra help. They said once you get it out the box take it right to where it will be slept on. This is because the mattress once it comes out of the box it expands rapidly so you do not have a lot of time to move the mattress. They put it in the guest room but quickly moved it to the master bedroom because it was too good to leave in the guest room. The mattress is nice and the customer rated the product 5-stars. Benefits and Uses: Hopefully the mattress is worthy of the robust price tag it carries-$3599 which is very expensive. The mattress is 11.8 inches thick and it is made of temperature material. Or it will control the temperature as you sleep giving you a comfortable sleep. It helps to spread the body weight evenly across the bed helping you to sleep without waking up sore in the morning. The cover is made of breathable, cooling material that keeps the surface of the mattress cool. The mattress material is designed with cooling benefits and it draws heat from the body. Feedback: The customer says the mattress is working very well for them. They use to lay down and could not sleep and on top of it they would wake up sore. Now, with this mattress as soon as they lay down they fall asleep. They wake up in the morning without feeling sore. They would wake up every morning sore when they slept on the other mattress. The client rated it 5-stars. The customer says they wanted to wait before they wrote this review and the finally got around to writing the review. They wanted to sleep on the bed for awhile before making a report and they wrote their report. The customer said they always thought they would sleep on a coil mattress but they bought this one instead. Benefits and Uses: The mattress is designed to controls the temperature while you sleep and the memory gel contours to the body for a top night of sleep. 2 inches of memory foam sit on 8 inches of density foam with a soft foam cover. Like so many other mattresses the gel foam draws heat away from the body. Feedback: The customer at first did not like the mattress because it gave her a “sinking” feeling. She sank in the mattress and it felt mushy. She called the rep and the rep said they would send a fir
Got this book today from Pietenpadje. I am very looking forward to reading this book, so I will move my other books to a dark place and settle down tonight! Thank you E-mile for this lovely ring-book!! I am sending this book to the next person on the list. I have got no time to read it and I don't want to keep it here for too long. Fran arrived on my doormat today! I'm really looking forward to reading this book. Thanks for sending it Tiekie, and perhaps you can still read it after me? By the way, nice to know that this book comes all the way from America! Finished it and what a fun book to read! At times I really had to laugh out loud. And it's really written in her voice, literally... you actually hear her saying all these sentences! The only thing that was nagging me whilst reading the book was the way she talked about her husband and her wonderful marriage... soon after this book was published they got divorced!! Maybe she wrote about that in her second book? I guess I have to read that as well! I'll contact Tiekie to ask if she has time to read it now, otherwise this book will be off to muizz. Fran is on her way to Muizz! Sorry for the late journal entry. I found the parcel in a stack of mail when I came home from a couple of days abroad and then I forgot to register it. Luckily Mirre sent me a reminder that she hadn't heard wether the book has arrived. Well, it has! Probably it will take some time before I am able to read it, because there are some other books screaming for attention as well. Thanks for ringing the book, and Mirre, thanks for sending the book and for the reminder. Imagine you are at a dinner party and the woman sitting next to you doesn't stop talking. She keeps on talking about her career, clothes, celebrities she's met, clothes, her succesful television show, clothes, her apearance at David Letterman shows and how funny she was there, clothes, etc. You don't want to be impolite and you make some encouraging noises, and in the mean time you are looking for a place to hide. That's how I felt when reading this book. Normally I love (auto)biographies, but this one I didn't enjoy. Someone who is able to spend 6 pages about the preparations for a photo shoot (how her make up, hair and clothes were) can't keep my interest. I'm really sorry. Needless to say that I didn't finish this book. Now the book will continue its journey. It'll go to Sarana. What a lovely and funny book! I've read it while spending the Easter weekend with my parents and I kept calling out to them "Ooo, did you know that..." and "You've got to hear this...". I had no idea that so much about The Nanny was based on Fran's own life. I loved her stories, especially the down-to-earth-ness of them, and the fact that she wasn't afraid to tell her silliest stories or show her most unflattering pictures... A very sympathetic woman, as far as you can tell through this book. I'm shocked to read in Mirre's Journal Entry that she's divorced now, the way she describes her marriage it's hard to believe that it fell apart soon afterwards! Thanks for ringing the book, E-mile! I'm PM'ing Nandaaah now. Edit: I'm terribly sorry for the long delay, the book was mailed out today. And the book has arrived, just started in another, so I'll probably start in this book somewhere in the next week. I've finished the book today in the hot sun. It was an O.K. book to read. Just as Arja, I didn't know she did this many other shows and films. And too bad she divorced, since her mariage seems good in the book, but unexpecting things can happen. The book will be off to the next reader as soon as I got an adress to send it to. And I got the book now! Thanx Nandaaah for sending it and E-mile for ringing (?) it. I allready started in it because my last book was just finished. Fun to know that her parents and sister's names in the Nanny came out off real life. That Chester was her dog, I knew allready. I will try to finish it before the Castricum-meeting. Gelukt! Geweldig van genoten! En nu The Nanny weer op tv is kijk ik toch met *iets* andere ogen. Bedankt voor het ringen E-mile. Ze komt morgen bij je terug. "What I learned about myself, the depth of my relationships, and cancer -tests, treatment, recovery and follow-up- could fill a book. So here it is. * back to E-mile. <-- Fran is back home!!!! posted Fran today, so the ring can continue.. Fran has arrived in Gouda! I'm looking forward to reading this book and am pleased to see it has pictures in it! Is has been a while since I read a book containing pictures. Hi guys, perhaps you already know it, but since a few weeks there is another comedy on RTL4 on sunday afternoon with/about Fran!! I saw it for the first time last sunday and wanted to let you know that it's out there. Na 'The Nanny' is Fran Drescher terug met een nieuwe komedie. In 'Living with Fran' is Fran een gescheiden vrouw die geniet van de nieuwe weg die haar leven is ingeslagen. Haar nieuwe liefde Riley is fantastisch, geweldig en jong, heel erg jong. Hun relatie is ingewikkeld vanwege het feit dat de kinderen van Fran bijna even oud zijn als hun nieuwe 'stiefvader'. Het nieuwe huishouden van Fran mag dan niet traditioneel zijn en soms heel lastig, toch weet ze zeker dat ze het niet anders zou willen doen. 'Living with Fran', vanaf zondag 11 juni, 17.00 - 17.30 uur, RTL 4. Today Fran arrived at my doormat, together with 2(!) other books...Which makes the count of ringbooks that arrived here in 3 days: 7...I think I'll need to ask my boss for a reading leave-of-absense. Anyway, although not all the stories were equally entertaining I enjoyed reading the book. It was really written in her voice, like Mirre said! I can't wait to read the other book! Thanks for re-opening the ring E-mile! I'll send it to Yinny asap! Found it in the mailbox yesterday! Thank you, E-mile for sharing this book and Enitnaj for sending this book! Yes, she is boasting about all the famous people she met, the people she knows, the clothes she wears, blablabla. But she does it so innocently, so charming, that it isn't (very) annoying. This book is already on its way to the next reader. The book is here! I'll start reading it right away, because the book I'm currently reading is not to my taste. The book is badly damaged, I'll try to repair some of it. I never watched the Nanny because I dislike sitcoms and canned laughter, but this book was neat. Miss Drecher sure has a lot of energy! Thanks for the sweet card you left me in the book Yinny! I'll keep using it as a bookmark. I'm mailing this book to Redfloor today. Happy reading! Lag in mijn brievenbus. Ben heel erg benieuwd ernaar. Er zijn nog wel enkele boeken die eerst aan de beurt zijn. Dutch-flybabe, je hebt het keurig gerestaureerd! Dank ook voor de kaart. Edit: Ere wie ere toekomt, Dutch-flybabe heeft het boekje gerestaureerd, niet Yinny. Wat een leuk boek om te lezen. Allereerst door het formaat. Het is een lekker kleine pocket met kleine letters. Het paste makkelijk in mijn tas, zelfs als deze al vol zat. Daardoor kon ik doorlezen in de trein. Alle boeken zouden in dit formaat verkrijgbaar moeten zijn. Daarnaast is het ook gewoon heel erg leuk om te lezen over het leven van een van mijn favoriete actrices. Heel grappig om te lezen dat haar eigen ouders ook Sylvia en Morty heten en dat er meer parallellen zijn. Fijn dat Fran uiteindelijk een succesvolle carriere heeft. Ik bekijk de Nanny nu met heel andere ogen. Ik ben benieuwd naar deel twee, al vermoed ik, gezien de inhoud, dat dat deel lang niet zo hilarisch zal zijn. Haven't read it yet but will so very soon. Thanx for sending it Redfloor! Fran is on her way to Jordanne. Have fun!! I found it in my mailbox a few days ago! I think it'll be a quick read! Thanks for ringing and sending it to me! Op de post naar de volgende lezer! Heb dit boek voordat ik op vakantie ging uitgelezen. Opzich leuk om te weten hoe de serie The Nanny er is gekomen en dat veel is gebaseerd op haar eigen ervaringen, maar dat idee van 'aan je hoofd zeuren' kreeg ik ook wel. Ik had het idee dat ik een verlengde versie van een verhaal over een ster in de Story of de
and she, her husband, and her children will live better lives. The Bridge Program at Hispanic Unity opens up a world of opportunities! With the generous support of @Citi Foundation and the Community #ProgressMakers grant, program participants have access to tuition assistance for career pathways in high demand fields, including national certifications in Patient Care Technician (PCT) and Customer Service and Sales Training (CSST). Thanks to @Citi Foundation #ProgressMakers, Marisol makes her dream a reality! From Boston, to Puerto Rico, to Miami, Marisol has been following her American dream since birth. Born in Boston, she spent several years in the historic city before her family relocated to Puerto Rico, where she grew up and attended school. As an adult, Marisol made the difficult decision to move to Florida in search of a better future for her family. She sought more safety and security. Marisol was excited and deeply committed to grow and thrive in her new home! Starting fresh presented numerous challenges, however. She struggled to find work while caring for her two beloved children. Luckily, Marisol found Hispanic Unity of Florida. Her brother had participated in HUF’s Center for Working Families program and referred her. Marisol took the many opportunities offered by HUF and ran with them. She received income support through gift cards, child care assistance, hurricane relief help, and affordable housing. She also entered the Bridge Program where she became certified through HUF’s Customer Service and Sales Representative (CSR) training. Shortly thereafter, she was able to secure part-time employment. Marisol says that the training helped her be more in touch with clients and better understand their needs. The hard-working mother wanted to take things further and thrive in a new career, so she completed HUF’s Patient Care Technician Program (PCT) at Sheridan Technical College – a highly specialized training with a focus on EKG and Phlebotomy. Countless new opportunities are now available to Marisol, and she plans to move on into the Licensed Practical Nursing (LPN) Program. Eventually, she’ll work in a private practice, and she credits HUF for helping her to empower herself and help ensure her family’s successful future. The Urban Institute recently released a research report titled Upskilling the Immigrant Workforce to Meet Employer Demand for Skilled Workers. The report takes a look at the whole US but supplements its findings through site visits and interviews with a variety of stakeholders in three metro areas, Seattle, Dallas and Miami-Fort Lauderdale. Hispanic Unity of Florida (HUF) participated in the study and shared with the researchers our own insights into the work we do assisting immigrants who are both unemployed as well as, underemployed. How many of us know that Broward County’s percentage of foreign-born residents is nearly 33% – or 3 out every 10 residents? The implications are significant for our community. Our immigrant population is mostly first generation. And the needs of this population are different then communities where the immigrants are second or third generation or where the immigrants are English literate and highly educated. Local communities with large foreign born residents must invest in foundational resources to assist these immigrants in their integration – which in turn – benefits the whole community. At HUF where we serve immigrants from 30 different nations, our work is focused on English language instruction, education (for both parents and children), economic development (employment, small business creation, asset building, health and child care supports) and civic engagement. This from the research report: This diversity within the immigrant workforce—with high numbers at both ends of the educational spectrum—is important context for our focus in this report on opportunities for immigrants employed in lower- and middle-skilled jobs. At HUF, we simultaneously work with former professionals such as doctors, dentists, lawyers, etc. as well as individuals who never completed high school. This diversity within the immigrant community requires different approaches to the work community organizations such as HUF undertakes. For us, it means providing core services that are fundamental to all clients while providing “add-ons” such as information on how to have educational credentials certified for immigrants with college or advanced degrees. “One out of every six workers in the US are immigrants.” The research report’s conclusions offers guidance for all our community’s stakeholders: state and local policy makers, workforce development service providers, funders and employers. Woven throughout the report are the community based organizations that are often at the frontlines of the work with immigrants. South Florida is at full employment. Now is the time to support and address the needs of our whole community including communities of color and the immigrant community. This article was originally published on June 6, 2018 on the UnidosUS website. As of this posting, Florida is the only state in the nation to not have a federally approved accountability plan. On April 20, 2018, the Florida Department of Education (FDOE) submitted its revised Florida Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) Plan to the U.S. Department of Education (USDOE). Hispanic Unity of Florida is a member of a coalition of civil rights organizations that earlier this year during Florida’s Legislative Session, proposed legislation that would align Florida’s school accountability system with the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), the largest federal law governing K-12 education. Florida’s current system neglects to factor into its school grades the test scores of many English learner (EL) and Latino students, and fails to use a native language assessment when appropriate for the 10% of Florida’s K-12 students who are learning English. Effective implementation of ESSA at the state and district level is key to ensuring that educators and ELs have the data and tools they need to become English proficient and academically successful as swiftly as possible. Under ESSA, in exchange for federal funds, states must track and report the performance of subgroups of students—racial and ethnic minorities, those from low-income families, ELs, and those with disabilities—when assessing school performance. Florida’s revised ESSA plan, however, sidesteps the intent of the federal law by bundling together the lowest-performing students regardless of subgroup. That means schools that are not meeting the needs of every subgroup can still get a passing grade, and parents are not aware. The revised Florida plan creates the new “Federal Percent of Points Earned Index” (FPPEI) of which subgroup performance and an English Language Proficiency Indicator will be components. The fact that Florida created the FPPEI is a good sign that the state recognizes its obligation to align the state’s system with federal law. The FPPEI, a new section of a Florida school’s report card, in effect creates a parallel accountability system. The calculation of a school’s grade still does not take into account subgroup performance and English language proficiency. This decision is problematic, confusing and unnecessary. What’s more, while the federal government urges states, when appropriate, to test students in their native language to better assess what they know—Florida chose not to meet this requirement, despite being home to one of the nation’s largest EL population. A recent report by UnidosUS (formerly NCLR) study highlights that Florida educates the third-largest K–12 EL population in the nation. ELs make up 10% of Florida’s student population; nearly 290,000 students. The majority of ELs—75%—in the state speak Spanish. According to recent Florida state assessment results, double-digit gaps exist in graduation rates and academic achievement between ELs and their non–EL peers. As a result of the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, it is estimated that Florida is now home to between 10,000 to 12,000 Puerto Rican students. While these students are American citizens, they also are predominately ELs. For more information about ESSA and education issues impacting the Latino community, visit unidosus.org and UnidosUS’s education-focused website, Progress Report: Ensuring the Success of All Students. Have conversations about ESSA with parents, teachers, principals, superintendents, candidates and state elected officials. Bring up the “Advocate Questions” in the conversation. Engage parents and other stakeholders in your area by hosting an ESSA meeting at your school or a community-based organization. Follow and Vote: Follow what local and statewide candidates have to say about education. Vote for candidates in the Primary Election on August 28, 2018, and the General Election, November 6, 2018 who are committed to all K-12 students. As voters we can and must make education a top campaign issue this election cycle! Learn more: LULAC Florida will host an Organizational Roundtable and Community Forum on June 15, 2018 in Miami, at the Dadeland Marriott at 5:30 p.m. To learn more about why activists are urging Secretary DeVos to reject Florida’s ESSA Plan, read this Education Week article. The Pathways to Citizenship program offers free weekly citizenship classes, assistance with the naturalization interview and application, and financial coaching. Classes are open at eight library locations: Little Havana, North Miami Beach, Homestead, Kendall, Miami, Aventura, Sunny Isles and Hialeah. For general information or registration, please visit: http://www.HUFcitizen.org or contact: (305) 562-1796. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) data shows that more than 88,000 people obtained legal permanent resident (LPR) status in South Florida in 2016. That makes our region, the third highest ranking in the country for people obtaining LPR status, following New York City and Los Angeles. In the last decade, HUF has empowered more than 12,000 aspiring citizens from more than 30 countries to
contributing to improved public policy, better health outcomes, economic prosperity, social cohesion, international development, community identity, the arts, cul-ture and the quality of life. Research and innovation are integral to academic excellence and a is a priority for the academic community, thus promoting the publication of re-search results in scientific journals, at academic conferences, contribution to books/monographs/chapters in edited volumes and book reviews, etc. NKUA collabo-rates with leading university networks, public sector bodies and business sector units – in Greece and internationally. The Central Union of Greek Municipalities (KEDE) is a legal entity of private law representing the first level of self governance in Greece (municipalities). It was established in 1927 during the first Conference of the Mayors of Greece. KEDE holds its headquarters in the centre of Athens and employees 35 persons in a modern building with all the necessary equipment to hold official international meetings. It also has scientific advisory bodies: the Hellenic Agency of Local Development and Local Government (EETAA) / Information-Training- Local Development SA (PETA) and the Institute of Local Government (ITA). KEDE also works in the level of its thematic committees that apply for relevant decisions to the administrative board after the discussions held within their framework on several topics concerning local self-governance such as : civil society, employment and social economy, education and Youth, health and social caring, insularity and mountain areas policy, institutions and equality, rural development, spatial planning, e-governance, National Strategic Reference Framework 2014-2020 ect. The registered association Ethno-Medical Centre (Ethno-Medizinisches Zentrum e.V., short: EMZ) is a German non-profit organization operating nationwide and internationally. The EMZ aims at connecting people with different professional, cultural and social backgrounds. As a centre of excellence for health and social inclusion, the EMZ makes healthcare and educational systems more accessible to migrants and refugees. It promotes and supports refugees’, migrant laborers’ and ethnic minorities’ health. It is based in Hanover (Germany) and was founded in 1989. Its members, board and staff are mainly composed of people with migration background, various actors in the sphere of public health, as well as medical research and teaching. Its mission is the empowerment and integration of migrants in the fields of health, social affairs, labor and education. The association also consolidates the competence of intercultural actions of institutions and health professionals by providing training, research and publications. The EMZ was the first non-governmental organization in Germany implementing programmes on migrant and refugee health in the early 1990s, including the first professional community interpreter service in Germany. The core activity of the EMZ is the project “Health ¬– with Migrants for Migrants in Europe” (MiMi) (see also below). The MiMi project is improving migrants’ and refugees’ access to health services by increasing their health literacy and by capacity building in the field of public health. MiMi´s key technology for social inclusion includes executive education for intercultural mediators, health campaigns in migrant communities, multilingual health guides to explain health systems, related health topics or healthy life styles, networking and evaluation. It is conducted in more than 15 languages and has been implemented in more than 70 cities throughout Europe. The project was subject to a WHO case study and won various awards (e.g. Future Award, Sustainability Award, Prevention Award and Quality Award, European Health Award in 2015). The EMZ and its work is funded by local and governmental authorities like the German Health Ministry, the Ministry for Social Affairs, Health and Equality of Lower Saxony, the City and Region of Hanover, the Bavarian State Ministry for Health and Care, the Schleswig- Holstein Ministry for Social Affairs and Health, and the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg. Furthermore, it receives funding by health insurance funds (“BKK Betriebskrankenkassen” – Federal association for the statutory health insurers), the German Pension Insurance and by several private companies and foundations. From 2008-2011 the EMZ was leading partner of the EAHC project Aids&Mobility Europe. Kopin works for human rights and children’s rights with the aim to empower its beneficiaries as key agents for social change and advancement. It is a hybrid, operating in three interconnected fields: international sustainable development cooperation, refugee support and education. Set up 16 years ago, it is one of the few professional NGOs working in the human rights field in Malta. It is supervised by a Board of five members, managed by an executive team, has five employees and around 20 volunteers and interns. Kopin’s team is made up of professionals with diverse backgrounds providing an innovative package of services – Kopin supports marginalised communities where other institutions struggle and provides its services in a sustainable way, is a main provider of Development Education in Malta and one of the few Maltese entities focusing on children’s rights. The organisation is a partner of over 100 institutions in Malta, across Europe and East Africa, ranging from NGOs to ministries, local authorities, universities and international organisations. Kopin envisions a global and inclusive society, where citizens are equally empowered to contribute to a world that is free of poverty and any other forms of injustice. Monitoring political processes and engaging in policy dialogue with decision makers to influence the debate on Maltese and European policies related to development, migration and children’s rights. Kopin is legally registered with the Office of the Commissioner for Voluntary Organisations (VO/0200). EKEPY’s areas of intervention are, in a few words, Crisis Management in the Health Sector, Accidents and Devastations, Pre-Hospital Health Care, In-Hospital Health Care, Primary Care. After the recent refugee crisis, EKEPY has been named as the main public body that coordinates all health care units and NGOs, in every official or unofficial refugee camp all over Greece. NaHOC will contribute in the dissemination strategy by offering to the Consortium to benefit from the organization of continuous targeted meetings under the auspices of the Greek Ministry of Health. These meetings will include presidents and directors from all health sector organizations (Health Regions, Public Hospitals, Private Sector’s Hospitals and Medical Schools & Universities) and also representatives from authorities, organizations and NGOs that deal with refugees and migrants. Finally we will be assisting in the development of scientific publications to relevant journals if the results allow for that. The Research Institute on Social Welfare Policy (POLIBIENESTAR) is one of the research institutes at University of Valencia. Well-known internationally, its main research areas are innovation in social technology, technical advising and training in the social policy field. Polibienestar is made up of an interdisciplinary team led by Jorge Garcés Ferrer, and more than 100 researchers shape the team. They come from University of Valencia and other 7 Spanish universities and three international universities. It has been doing both basic and applied research on the economic, social, political and technical sustainability aspects of welfare systems. Furthermore, Polibienestar has been advising both the Administration and private companies on the planning, design and implementation of social welfare and sustainable resources and policies. Areas of research: Health and Social policies, Vulnerable groups, Governance and public administrations, Corporate economics, Smart Cities, Tourism. Oxfam is one of the most important international confederations in the world specializing in humanitarian aid and development projects, consisting of 17 organizations from different countries who work with 3,000 local partners in over 90 countries to find lasting solutions to poverty and injustice. Oxfam Italy, which acceded in 2010 to the international confederation of Oxfam, was created by Ucodep, an Italian non-governmental organization, which for over 30 years is fighting to improve the living conditions of thousands of poor people in the world and give them the power and the 'energy to build their own future, to control and direct. Oxfam Italy has chosen an integrated approach between development programs and emergency interventions, campaigns and educational initiatives to improve the living conditions of thousands of people in the world by allowing them to exercise their rights and to build a decent future. The Region of Sterea Ellada is the second larger Greek region, located in the centre of the country, with major motorway and railway axes connecting North and South Greece. At North it shares borders with Thessaly, at West with Western Greece and at South with Attica. It is surrounded by the Aegean Sea and the Gulf of Evia at the east and by the Corinthian Gulf at the South. The Region has a population of 546.870 inhabitants, corresponding to 5.07% of the total population of the country. The 33% of the population in Sterea Ellada is urban, concentrated mainly in the departments of Euvoia (210.210 inhabitants) and Fthiotitda (158.220 inhabitants), the 15% is semi-urban and the 52% is rural. Sterea Ellada occupies a total area of 15,549 sq. km., corresponding to 11,8% of the total area of Greece and consists of 735,8 million hectares of mountain area, 497,1 million hectares of semi-mountainous area and 322,2 million hectares of lowland area. The two main islands of the Region, Evia and Skyros, are pole of tourist attraction. Sterea Ellada is the industrial centre of Greece, nevertheless it has rural areas too. It is worth noting that only 3% of the total area is residential. The main mountainous area of Sterea Ellada is formed around its centre. Forests cover the
rate having been exceeded. This patent arises from a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 14/537,019, filed on Nov. 10, 2014, now U.S. Pat. No. 9,148,365, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 14/286,396, filed on May 23, 2014, now U.S. Pat. No. 8,953,435, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 14/040,054, filed on Sep. 27, 2013, now U.S. Pat. No. 8,737,196, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 13/690,839, filed on Nov. 30, 2012, now U.S. Pat. No. 8,565,074, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 12/254,233, filed on Oct. 20, 2008, now U.S. Pat. No. 8,339,938, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/829,584, filed Apr. 22, 2004, now U.S. Pat. No. 7,460,468, all of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference in their entireties. This patent is related to U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/348,077, entitled “Method and System for Obtaining Logical Performance Data for a Circuit in a Data Network,” filed Jan. 21, 2003, and U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/348,592, entitled “Method and System for Provisioning and Maintaining a Circuit in a Data Network,” filed Jan. 21, 2003. This patent is also related to U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/745,117, entitled “Method And System For Providing A Failover Circuit For Rerouting Logical Circuit Data In A Data Network,” filed Dec. 23, 2003, U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/745,047, entitled “Method And System For Automatically Renaming Logical Circuit Identifiers For Rerouted Logical Circuits In A Data Network,” filed Dec. 23, 2003, U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/745,170, entitled “Method And System For Automatically Identifying A Logical Circuit Failure In A Data Network,” filed on Dec. 23, 2003, and U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/744,921, entitled “Method And System For Automatically Rerouting Logical Circuit Data In A Data Network,” filed Dec. 23, 2003. All of the above-referenced applications are expressly incorporated herein by reference. Periodically, failures may occur to the trunk circuits or the NNIs of network circuits in large-scale networks causing lost data. Currently, such network circuit failures are handled by dispatching technicians on each end of the network circuit (i.e., in each LATA) in response to a reported failure. The technicians manually access a logical element module to troubleshoot the logical circuit portion of the network circuit. The logical element module communicates with the switches in the data network and provides the technician with the status of the logical connections which make up the logical circuit. Once the technician determines the status of a logical connection at one end of a logical circuit (e.g., the host end), the technician then must access a network database to determine the location of the other end of the logical circuit so that its status may also be ascertained. If the technician determines the logical circuit is operating properly, the technician then accesses a physical element module to troubleshoot the physical circuit portion of the network circuit to determine the cause of the failure and then repair it. If, while troubleshooting a network circuit, the technician determines that a network circuit will be “down” (i.e., losing data) for an extended time period, the technician may manually reroute the data from a failed network circuit to an available unused or “backup” network circuit while the failed network circuit is being repaired. As discussed briefly above, the network management module 176 may be configured to automatically reroute logical circuit data from a failed logical circuit to a logical failover circuit in the data network 2. During the reroute of logical circuit data, the network management module 176 may also be configured to rename the logical circuit identifier assigned to a failed logical circuit to the logical circuit identifier assigned to a corresponding logical failover circuit until the failed logical circuit has been restored. An illustrative method detailing the renaming of logical circuit identifiers is presented in co-pending U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/745,047, entitled “Method And System For Automatically Renaming Logical Circuit Identifiers For Rerouted Logical Circuits In A Data Network,” filed on Dec. 23, 2003, which is expressly incorporated herein by reference. The logical operations 500 continue from operation 505 to operation 510 where the network management module 176 generates a table for presenting the current reroute statistics generated at operation 505. It will be appreciated that the table may be presented in an electronic format so that it is graphically displayed on one or more display terminals of the network management module 176. FIG. 6A is a table presenting current reroute statistics which may be generated for rerouted logical circuits in the data network 2, according to an embodiment of the invention. The table will be discussed in greater detail in the description of FIG. 6A below. At operation 525, the network management module 176 generates updated reroute statistics based on the received updated trap data and then updates the table (generated at operation 510) at operation 530. FIG. 6B is a table presenting updated reroute statistics which may be generated for rerouted logical circuits in the data network 2, according to an embodiment of the invention. The table will be discussed in greater detail in the description of FIG. 6B below. The logical operations 500 then continue at operation 535. FIG. 6A is a table 190 presenting current reroute statistics which may be generated by the network management module 176 for rerouted logical circuits in the data network 2, according to an embodiment of the invention. As shown in FIG. 6A, the table includes a LOGICAL CIRCUIT ID column 52, a REROUTE STATUS column 54, a LOGICAL FAILOVER CIRCUIT ID column 56, a # HOPS column 58, a UTILIZATION column 60, a QUALITY OF SERVICE (QoS) column 62, and a REROUTE PERIOD column 64. The LOGICAL CIRCUIT ID column 52 lists the logical circuit IDs for logical circuits belonging to one or more network circuit customers in the data network 2. The REROUTE STATUS column 54 lists whether or not each of the logical circuits in the LOGICAL CIRCUIT ID column 52 is currently being rerouted. The LOGICAL FAILOVER CIRCUIT ID column 56 lists the logical circuit IDs for logical failover circuits which may be utilized for rerouting data from the logical circuits listed in the LOGICAL CIRCUIT ID column 52. The # HOPS column 58 lists the number of hops taken by data being communicated through the logical failover circuits identified in the LOGICAL FAILOVER CIRCUIT ID column 56. The UTILIZATION column 60 lists the utilization percentage of the logical failover circuits identified in the LOGICAL FAILOVER CIRCUIT ID column 56 by rerouted logical circuit data. The QoS column 62 lists the quality of service offered for rerouted data by each of the logical failover circuits identified in the LOGICAL FAILOVER CIRCUIT ID column 56. The REROUTE PERIOD column 64 lists the amount of time the data from each of the logical circuits identified in the LOGICAL CIRCUIT ID column 52 has been rerouted to the logical failover circuits identified in the LOGICAL FAILOVER CIRCUIT ID column 56. providing, with the network management module, updated reroute statistics based on a change in a status of the logical circuit resulting from the committed information rate having been exceeded. 2. The method of claim 1, further including generating a billing report including the updated reroute statistics. 3. The method of claim 1, further including generating the updated reroute statistics based on restoration of the logical circuit from the failure. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the current reroute statistics and the updated reroute statistics include the first logical circuit identifier for the logical circuit and the second logical circuit identifier for the logical failover circuit. 5. The method of claim
Dinners for Six is an awesome opportunity to connect with others at Lighthouse! Sign up as a family, couple, or single. Singles can sign up with a friend or as an individual and we will pair you up with another single of the same gender. During the following three months, take turns hosting a dinner for the others in your group (each pair will host once or meet at a restaurant). Usually, someone will provide the main course and others will bring a side dish, salad, dessert, etc. Paired singles can decide who will host. Thank you! Can’t wait to connect! You are invited to our Multi-Congregation Good Friday Service held at Lighthouse. Annually, Faith in Christ Fellowship in Eagan, Spirit of Truth in Burnsville and Lighthouse gather together to worship and remember the cross of Jesus Christ. The cross brings us together! We like to call this day Resurrection Sunday! He is Risen indeed! We would consider it an honor to host you and your family for this special Sunday celebrating that Jesus is Alive . Death has lost it's sting and now we can have relationship with our Heavenly Father and be FREE from sin. Oh Hallelujah. Please plan to join us at 10am or in Spanish at 1pm. We offer groceries at no charge on the typically on 4th Monday of each month to people in the community. Come in for a warm meal, prayer and receive fresh fruit and veggies, meat, eggs and bread to take home. Each month the food supply varies. Doors open at 6:00 pm. Guests should not arrive earlier than 5:30pm. We are excited and honored to host the MN Teen Challenge Choir on Sunday, May 5th at 10am. Ope you will join us and bring a friend for a morning of music and testimonies of freedom from addictions that will inspire and bring hope! Sunday, May 12th we will have a special time in the 10am service to dedicate children. For those who have little ones that you would like to dedicated to the Lord, we invite you to sign up below! Topgolf is the premier entertainment destination in Brooklyn Center. We will meet at Lighthouse at 2pm to carpool. Play is from roughly 3-4:30pm. Cost is estimate of $15/pp to play. You are on your own for food. We will have separate golf bays for men and women. High School age students through adults are welcome. Sign up below by May 16th. Come with us on a Mission Trip to Haiti from August 19-26, 2019 with Healing Haiti. Costs: Base cost of trip is $875.00 which us due no later than July 19th. Each person is responsible for their own airfare (roughly $650 to $850 and Lighthouse is looking into pricing through an agent) All payments will be submitted to Lighthouse. Additional costs: Mandatory insurance that costs $29.00A $10.00 entry into the country. To register click on the link below. When the link opens click on I don't have a managed missions account. Follow instructions. When prompted to choose a trip pick Lighthouse Church. By registering you are agreeing to go on the trip and a$ 100.00 non-refundable deposit should be made to Lighthouse as soon as possible. (3285 144th St W in Rosemount) on Sunday, April 14th at 10am. We sure hope you will be there! Women are invited to attend the Going Beyond Simulcast with Priscilla Shirer. This event will be hosted at Lighthouse on Saturday, April 6. The cost for the day is $25. Use https://pushpay.com/g/worldwidelighthouse?src=hpp to pay by entering $25 as the amount and selecting this event. All those who are 55+ are welcome to join the JOY Group for coffee, pie, and fellowship at Baker’s Square. Sign up so we know how much space to reserve at the restaurant! Our active adults are having a bowling outing at the Lakeville Bowling Alley on Co Rd 46 just west of I-35. The Community Center is located at 13885 South Robert Trail. Basically on South Robert’s Trail or Hwy 3 just north of Rosemount High School and the Sport Dome. Kyle is the Founder/CEO of TimeToRevive based out of Dallas, Texas. He earned a Masters in Biblical Studies from Dallas Theological Seminary and completed his Doctorate degree at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary, specializing in Outreach and Discipleship. FMSC is an international organization dedicated to providing nutritious meals to children worldwide. We will help pack meals to be sent overseas. Through video teaching, group discussion, and personal Bible study, Pastor James MacDonald will urge you to live out Paul's instruction in 1 Corinthians 16:13-14: Be watchful, stand firm in the faith, act like men, be strong. Let all that you do be done in love. Men will be challenged to take hold of their God-given role. Inviting all guys to gather for pizza, get to know our new worship pastor Paul Mutebi, have a time of praise and prayer. Our worship center will be open for prayer on Friday, January 4th at 9pm until Saturday, January 5th at 6pm. Feel free to tell others and stop in to a time with the Lord. We will have soft worship music playing. We are also in need of hosts to take shifts to oversee the Burn. Please sign up below! Just Older Youth invites everyone 55+ to a Christmas Lights Tour on Sunday, December 30th. The cost is $5 and you can sign up below. We hope you’ll join us! SOLD OUT! We are excited for all those who purchased ticket, but are sorry to say that we are SOLD OUT. Therefore, we will not be selling tickets at the door. Come and worship Jehovah and pray for the peace of Israel with us. 130th Anniversary Dream Team Needed! When did YOU first attend a service or event at St John’s or Lighthouse? Through the years there has been babies born and lives crossing over into their heavily home, baptisms, child dedications, confirmations, weddings, LifeLine, Celebration Athletic Games, Alpha, AWANA, our Leprechaun Days Block Party, Explorer’s Child Center, etc … people coming and people going. We have experienced growth and challenges, times of plenty and times of need… and persevered. We have worshipped with a choir accompanied by an organ and band with drums and guitars. People have made friendships here. Many pastors have shepherded this flock through the years and we continue to pass on our Christian faith from generation to generation. Through it all the Lord has been faithful!And YOU have played a part in our history, so that’s why we are inviting YOU to celebrate with us on Sunday, October 14th. Consider joining us for our 10am service on October 14thas we will celebrate with special songs, memories, guests from the past and a message from Pastor Bill titled: Where have we Been and Where are we Going? FREE donuts and bagels will be provided at 9:30am. Then from 3-6pm we will have a REUNION PARTY! This party will be under our big tent and will include food, fun for kids, music by former worship leaders ;Peder Eide and Josh Edwards along with archives to view from over the years and our vision for the future.This will be a great time for those who have had their lives touched by the Lord over the years to come back and eat and gather with friends. Let’s celebrate God’s faithfulness together! FMSC is an international organization dedicated to providing nutritious meals to children worldwide. We will help pack meals to be sent overseas. This event will be done in conjunction with Lighthouse Students, JOY (Just Older Youth) Group and Cultivate (Young Adults). Meet at Eagan FMSC before 6pm. FMSC needs an email address for every participant, so please sign up below! We are a group of young people who desire to grow in truth, intimacy with God, and relationship with one another. We meet on the first and third Friday of every month in order to cultivate an atmosphere of worship and friendship. If you are between the age of 18 and 30-something, we would like to personally invite you to come and be a part of Lighthouse Cultivate. Call/text Phillip @ 870-55-7550 for details on meeting location. Students and parents are invited to meet in the Life Center after our Sunday morning service to participate in a discussion about our mission and strategy for the 18-19 school year. Snacks will be provided. JOY (just older youth) are invited to a picnic in the park at Crystal Lake on Lac Lavon on Monday, August 13th from 11am-2pm! It's time for some fun and fellowship for the women of Lighthouse on Sunday, August 12th from 4:00 - 6:15 (arrive at 3:45). You will be instructed and taught by a local artist and go home with a beautiful painting! $35.00 per person, includes: paint, a 16"x 20" canvas, easels, brushes, and aprons. Snacks and drinks will be provided. Sign up is a MUST to hold your spot!! Please pay at lighthousemn.church, LH mobile app
worldwide. It could not be restricted to one group in one room in one city. The global expansion of the gospel would start with them in Jerusalem, but it would not end there. During the next thirty-nine days, we read in Acts 1 that Jesus went over the theme of the kingdom of God many times with His disciples. He stresses in verse 4 that they are not to leave Jerusalem but to wait for the promised Holy Spirit. Telling people not to leave town may seem like a strange way to launch a worldwide missionary movement. Acts 1: 8 reads, "But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you, and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the end of the earth." The first seven chapters deal with the spread of the gospel in Jerusalem. Chapters 8:1-11:18 record how the message of Jesus is spread throughout Judea and Samaria. Starting in 11:19, the focus is the spread of the gospel to the "ends of the earth". When Luke’s account ends in chapter 28, it does so rather suddenly as if to emphasize that the story is not complete; we, the readers, continue the mission. It is clear that Luke’s focus in chapter 28 is not on Paul’s fate but the progress of the gospel. The book does not close with the end of Paul’s life or martyrdom but with Paul, "proclaiming the kingdom of God and teaching about Jesus Christ with all boldness and without hindrance." These last words stand as an encouragement for all followers of Christ to do the same as the gospel continues to be carried "to the ends of the earth." The spread of the gospel, however, begins in Jerusalem. This begs the question, "Why? Why was this necessary? Why did the proclamation of the gospel have to start in Jerusalem?" Before we address this question, however, we need to put aside three inadequate explanations that are sometimes proposed. First, the gospel did not begin in Jerusalem because it was home to the disciples and thus they would find a more ready or receptive audience. Jerusalem was not home for any of the disciples. They were from Galilee, not Jerusalem. The angels in Acts 1:11 addressed them as "Men of Galilee." The people of Jerusalem could easily pick out the disciples by their Galilean accents, even in the dark (cf. Matt.26:73, Luke 22:59). Regional prejudices would not have made Galileans the most suitable messengers for the more urbane citizens of Jerusalem, nor would the disciples have felt at home in the city. Their home was in the smaller towns and rural areas of Galilee. The reality is that there was only one beginning of the gospel. In God’s history there will never be another subsequent Pentecost point. Every later initiative is a down-line fruition of that outpouring and obedience. We are now in the "the uttermost parts," not repeating the scenario reaching of "our-own-Jerusalem." Acts 1:8 is a geographical reference as much as it is a historical one. Secondly, the spread of gospel did not begin in Jerusalem because it would be the safest place to start and the disciples would be able to get experience in witnessing before moving on to more difficult or resistant areas. Rather the opposite was true. The most dangerous place on earth for the disciples to start their ministry was in Jerusalem. Avowed enemies with the power to throw them in prison had tried to arrest them in the garden of Gethsemane only days before (Mark 14:50-52; John 18:8-9). They would likely try again. Thirdly, Jerusalem was not chosen to be the starting place for the spread of the gospel because the city was familiar territory for the disciples where ministry experience would prepare them for more unfamiliar ministry later on. Looking at the gospels, one finds that Jesus and His disciples spent relatively little time in Jerusalem. The urban setting of Jerusalem was unfamiliar to the rural Galileans. As noted earlier, there was a regional rivalry between those of Jerusalem and those of Galilee. Neither thought overly fondly of the other. Had Jesus wanted the disciples to start in more familiar territory to gain experience, He undoubtedly would not have chosen Jerusalem. Besides, the disciples were hardly novices to ministry. They had spent over three years with Jesus. He had sent them out on at least two mission trips already. They were fully prepared apart from one thing: they lacked the Holy Spirit. The implications of this promise [i.e. Acts 1:8] are enormous. First of all, it tells the disciples that they will not be alone in the battle; the Holy Spirit will be in them and with them. Secondly, it makes them aware that this battle is actually not their own; it is God’s initiative and God’s action and concern. They are His ambassadors, fully endowed with His authority and power. Thirdly, whatever they will achieve will be God’s achievement, because God’s Spirit has acted through them. Jesus spoke seldom of the Holy Spirit’s function, but when He did so, frequently described Him as helper and comforter in persecution (Matt. 10:17-20; Mark 13:9-11; Luke 21:12-19). No wonder that Paul follows the Lord’s example in his catalogue of his sufferings by attributing his endurance to the Holy Spirit (2 Cor. 6:6). In Philippians 1:19, he writes, "For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer, and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ." He reminds the Thessalonians, that "ye became followers of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Ghost" (1 Thess 1:6-7). Second, Jerusalem was God’s appointed starting place for the spread of the gospel because there were considerable missiological and theological reasons for doing so. While some might argue that the disciples might have drifted back to the comfort zone of their homes in Galilee had they been allowed to leave Jerusalem, I think it more likely that Jesus' instructions were more missiologically and theologically oriented. Jerusalem was the centre of monotheistic worship on the globe. It was the focal point of God's covenant with mankind. Christianity needed to be seen to be in continuity with what had gone on before in God’s plan, rather than being potentially labeled as a Galilean sect. The ultimate reason for the collection project rests upon the fact that Paul was constrained by prophecies which spoke of the nations coming to Israel to worship its King (cf. Is. 60:4-14; 66:19-24; Ps. 72:8-11). As a result of seeing believing Gentiles coming to Jerusalem (Acts 20:4 with 21:15-19), Paul hoped that Israel would be provoked to jealousy so that it might repent and accept Jesus as its Messiah (cf., Rom. 10:1; 11:11-24). Accordingly, Paul’s priestly gift is the Gentiles themselves (Rom. 15:16) to verify that the God of Israel had also become the God of the Gentiles and that there is now only one people of God comprised of all nations (Gal. 3:28-29; Eph. 3:4-6). Hence, Paul was careful to make sure to emphasize the continuity between Jerusalem and how God had worked in the past, with the present spread of the gospel to the ends of the earth among the Gentiles. The latter was a result of the unfolding plan of God begun with the Jews, fulfilled in Christ and proclaimed through the Church. I maintain that this is why the disciples stayed in Jerusalem, just as they had been instructed. When the Spirit came upon them, they immediately began to witness publicly, despite the risk. When persecution came, they did not scatter. They remained in Jerusalem where it was most strategic – and the most dangerous. They were arrested, shamed, beaten, censured, but they continued. Eventually, one of them, James, was killed (12:2), but even then they remained, refusing to flee. They made no attempt to hide themselves. They knew that for the gospel to spread most effectively, they needed to remain in Jerusalem. It was only after an angel broke Peter out of prison and told him to leave, that he finally found a safer place out of town, but there is no indication that the rest of the apostles left or that Peter stayed away any longer than was necessary. Were the disciples being disobedient to the commission of Christ by staying in Jerusalem? I do not think so. They were being the catalyst by which the Church, itself, spread throughout the world. They were busy laying the foundations for a movement that would shake the known world of their day. They worked in ways that consciously served to advance the spread of the gospel (Acts 6:4). They monitored carefully the expansion of the gospel and when they heard of the gospel advancing, they moved immediately to validate, bless and support it (Acts 8:14-25; 11:22). When it became clear that the churches had multiplied throughout Judea, Galilee, and Samaria, Peter, himself, toured the entire region, helping the Church to increase (9:31-32). It was during this time, that God used him to share the gospel with the Gentiles in the house of Cornelius, demonstrating that God accepts all people into His family, regardless of race. Because the disciples were faithful in remaining in Jerusalem, despite the risks, they were
servers are being built for states / provinces on demand. Unsubscribe directly from any EMail. Information is placed by licensed real estate brokers and salespeople. Information includes exclusive information not available on any other service. Delivering Real Estate Haves and Wants daily to the public, to the industry . . . free. For real estate and businesses of all kinds, including Industrial, Commercial, Investment and Residential Real Estate. 20,000+/- EMails deliver new real estate Listings, Haves and Wants to subscribers, to the public, to the industry . . . Daily! Request an EMail List Server Can be by company, group, organization, association, city, country and more. See the List Server for the Central Canada CCIM Chapter. This can be built for any group to network Haves and Wants. When leadership of your group promotes it, it is inevitable for everyone to connect with others to do business. 75% of the listings are exclusive not available on any other service. Power of Sales, and more! Tenants looking for Retail, Office and Industrial space to lease, tenant mandates, and more. You must be a licensed real estate broker or salesperson Executive Member of ICIWorld to have your Haves and Wants distributed to 20,000+ people daily and displayed to the world to 50,000+/- people regularly. Reach new people interested in real estate for all your listings all year long distributed daily. GMail places a lot of legitimate incoming mail into SPAM. So legitimate email from ICIWorld can be trapped in your SPAM FOLDER. Yet each EMail contains information for contacts for potential real estate transactions. The spam folder is is different from junk. Look for a column of folders one called “more.” You will find a spam folder there. You can put a check mark on the listing and click on Not Spam. If you have not done this before, you will probably find other mail that should not be spam. However marking mail as not spam does not seem to work all the time. Mail seems to continue to go to spam. So GMail has another option. Another way you can try to keep it out of spam you have to set a filter. Gmail’s filters allow you to manage the flow of incoming messages. Using filters, you can automatically label, archive, delete, star, or forward your mail, even keep it out of Spam. There is a Filter Choice to choose Not Spam. https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6579?hl=en&ctx=mail This is a work in progress to figure out how to get google to allow all our legitimate mail to get through to you properly without always going to spam. Database 2 FSBO Area – Executive Members of ICIWorld can subscribe to receive EMail from the FSBO (For Sale By Owner) EMail List Servers. Buyers and sellers of real estate can add their Haves and Wants free. They are distributed to members. If you are a seller of real estate would you like a member to contact you if they have a buyer who could be interested? If you are a buyer would you like a member to let you know about a property that might match what you are looking for? All buyers and sellers should post their Haves and Wants here. It is opportunities to do business and the success can help free you up to get on with your plans. For all EMail check your spam folder if you are not receiving mail. Make it Not Spam. When you sign up for various email lists you should ‘whitelist’ @iciworld.ca because Digest emails can easily land in the Spam or a junk folder. If I join and place my haves and wants do they get sent out by email and if so to how many? approximately 20,000 EMails deliver information daily to the public and the real estate industry DAILY. members can add as many Haves and Wants all year long and they get delivered to the industry by EMail. How do members benefit from this service? Your contact information is made available to them, phone numbers, links to your website, EMail, etc. The listing is also sent out to the industry by email – 20,000+/- daily to the public and the real estate industry with all your contact information, website address, links, phone numbers and option to EMail you. Members and the public are informed of new listings in Database 1, everyone can contact you directly. Members only are informed of new listings in Database 2 – This is where all of the coveted FSBO’s are! One member sold a $9M apartment building within 3 days. That is how fast it can work. A few seconds daily scanning this email can be the difference of doing your next deal or missing out. When you have any questions please feel free to contact us. When: Register and if you can not attend, you will receive a copy of the Recorded Webinar by EMail after the event. Who Should Attend: Licensed Real Estate Brokers and Salespeople World Wide. Relevance: For all licensed real estate brokers and salespeople in the world. learn how to have services similar to classified ads in a newspaper for your website where YOU get the calls. learn how to send out exclusive information not on real estate boards . . . all automatically done by your website. learn how to make your website a resource for your prospects, clients and . . . for your community. A: Gary has enlivened me. Brought back the zeal I’ve had in my earlier days, before my car accident. Thankfully!. A: A bit more about Meta Tags and their importance, please. A: I haven’t met another person with such an abundance of knowledge in the Real Estate field willing to share such. A: Thrilled with the knowledge that Gary infuses into me each time I have a meeting with him! A: I heartily recommend anyone in the Real Estate field to join ICI World and gain the knowledge that I have from Gary. He overflows with enthusiasm and it is contagious!. After 36 years, I thought I knew a lot, but now I know I could learn so much more with the right leader! This Webinar is included free for Executive Members of ICIWorld, for non-members the cost is $319 plus applicable taxes. Real Estate provides the Highest Return On Investment (ROI) of any industry on the Internet. Why? Because one lead can make $3,000 to $10,000 in referrals alone! See testimonials of it being done! What good is a website if don’t have any traffic? You might as well not even have a website! The Power of a Real Estate Website is in the Listings – You should also promote this fact. If you have thousands of listings; both residential, commercial choices, MLS AND exclusive, you can maximize the opportunities for the public and . . . more opportunities to provide service! 90% of people search the Internet for real estate and if you have a great choice, then you have a better than average chance of triggering interest. We invite you to our How To Promote Your Website Webinar, it’s not just about Search Engine Optimization, it’s much more. Your website is your office building on the Internet! If you had 100 salespeople working for you and they all had websites generating leads for the company that would be great! A salesperson can have more than one website because they’re like billboards. If you have a billboard at Yonge and Dundas and another on Lakeshore Road and they are all generating leads why not? You can link them together. You only need one domain name on your business card because when people visit that one, you will have a link on that one to your other one. They can all generate leads. We support all your web sites. Call us anytime if you would like some feedback and recommendations for your website. There’s is no charge, even for non-members! This is a free complimentary offer! We have recorded several past sessions that Executive Members can see in training videos. Real Estate Have and Want Information Is The Gold That Is On The Internet. ICIWorld helps Real Estate Professionals market and network Real Estate. Get an ICIWorld App for your smartphone. Go to the App Store or Play Store on your device and search the word iciworld and install it. It is information at your fingertips! All devices including Androids and iPhones, Blackberries, Windows devices, etc. should also use your browser and go to https://iciworld.mobi Then add this link onto your home screen. Apple and Android products will have two applications, the ICIWorld App AND the mobile version https://iciworld.mobi on their device. Let us know which you like better or use more. On this page you will learn how everyone should be able to print a list of contacts for buyers or sellers for any kind of real estate literally within a minute. You should be able to produce a list of contacts for buyers or sellers by Business Area and Business Category, use key words, all within a matter of seconds. You should learn to search by date or age of listing and Status. We do not delete old listings. The buildings are still there. The people are still alive. Older listings are used for networking purposes. Make sure you know how to search the latest listings that in many cases provide for immediate showings and deals. See the age field and date of listing field. Listings contain contact names and phone numbers that you can print out and to follow up. Reply and send emails, visit a real estate salesperson’s website that contains real estate information that you can search and resources to serve you. Request a short demo. Contact us. Why is this important? Because if you miss a connection for one transaction you can be missing doing a deal and not realize it. You will learn how to get a list of real estate professionals by geographic area, specialty, language spoken
parking spot we walked ~100m further to the south along the road until we came to the washout itself. Here we left the road and followed the creek bed east and then southeast for ~550m until we reached the base of our ascent route. We found it was easier to follow the numerous game trails located on the east side of the creek rather than staying inside the bed. When we reached the base, we crossed the creek using a game trail and a couple of well-positioned boulders. From the creek, the initial slope is wide open and grassy. Once we reached the first shoulder, the route narrowed into a ridge and became increasingly rocky and treed. From the first shoulder to the second shoulder, we encountered thicker forest cover and frequent bands of rock – which required lots of route finding. Here we donned our helmets as some sections required hands-on scrambling. The ridge walk along the second shoulder to where it abuts against the main ridge to “Frankie” involved some light to moderate scrambling with most obstacles avoided by sticking to climber’s right. However, just prior to the abutment we encountered a small cliff that would prove to be the crux. I found an exposed ledge to climber’s right, but we found an even safer route by retracing our steps and descending to climber’s left which allowed us to bypass it completely. From here it was an easy hike up a packed argillite slope to the main ridge. The ridge walk to “Frankie” would have been really enjoyable if it weren’t for the extreme wind gusts. To make matters worse, the light dusting of snow on the south side of the mountain had undergone a quick thaw/freeze cycle that made for some slick conditions – nothing that hampered our ascent, but definitely something that we did not want to attempt an exposed downclimb in. From the summit we descended towards “Larry” and found Andrew’s exposed ramp, which in dry conditions would have been great, but not on this day. We could see that to bypass the cliff band, we would have to lose a significant amount of elevation over icy rocks while enduring extreme wind gusts – not fun! So we nixed our original plan and decided to knock off “Eagle Peak” and Whistler Mountain instead. To avoid the wind along the ridge, we descended the northwest face of Frankie and cut across a hanging valley to the col beneath “Eagle Peak”. The ever-increasing wind ensured that we had a miserable ascent to the summit. From here we had an easy but windy hike to Whistler Mountain before descending down the trail to the South Castle Road and then walking ~1.6km back to our vehicle. We loved our ascent route to “Frankie Peak” and I will readily use it again when I return. Be aware though, that at some point in the future, this road will be permanently closed to motorized vehicles as part of the new Castle Wildland Provincial Park. There may also be an overnight option, where a party could knock off every summit from Table Mountain to Mount Gladstone and then North Castle. Indeed, the hanging valley between “Eagle Peak” and “Frankie” would be a very nice spot to camp! Our total distance ended up being 12.5km with total elevation gains of 1323m. From our vehicle to the summit of “Frankie” it was 4.2km. Our total time came in at 6 hours and 41 minutes. Our parking spot on the east side of the road across from the campsite next to the Castle River. I had turned the vehicle around so that it was facing northwest – or the direction we came from. The washout is located just ~100m further down the road behind my vehicle. This was also the same starting point for our Lys Ridge trip. Approximately ~100m south of my vehicle, we came to a washed out section of the South Castle Road. Here we would leave the road and follow the creek bed to the left. Looking down the creek bed from the middle of the road. The first shoulder on our ascent route as well as the main ridge that leads to ‘Frankie”, can be seen in the distance to the right of centre. We found it was easier to stay on the east side (climber’s left) of the creek bed. Here the bushwhacking was relatively light and we could utilize intermittent game trails. A few of the game trails wanted to leave the creek bed too early. We followed this one until it began to head up the western slope beneath Whistler Mountain. It did however, give us our first clear view of the lower section of our ascent route. A telephoto of the previous picture. The Castle is such an amazing place! Looking south down the valley towards Sage Mountain (centre) and Mount Matkin (right). Looking west at our Lys Ridge ascent route. The view to the northwest at “The Amoeba” on Barnaby Ridge (left) and Southfork Mountain (centre). The terrain became rockier as we gained elevation. The hiking is pretty straightforward between the base and the first shoulder. Keegan and Nathan stop to take in the early morning views. After reaching the first shoulder, we began to encounter frequent rock bands (mostly Finnish death metal groups who had become lost during album cover photo shoots 😉 ) and heavier forest cover. I couldn’t resist including another shot of the morning sunlight hitting Barnaby Ridge and Southfork Mountain. We had a blast with all of the route finding on this ascent! One of many obstacles that we encountered on the way up. The reverse angle of the previous picture. Morning sunlight spotlights Mount Matkin and the slopes of Lys Ridge. Castle Peak is on the far left. Typical terrain before reaching the second shoulder. There were many possible routes and we seemed to solve any doubts by trending climber’s right. Nathan and Keegan enjoy a welcome break from the wind just below the second shoulder. After reaching the second shoulder we could finally see where it joined the main ridge. The summit of “Frankie” is not yet visible. The ridge walk along the second shoulder presented easy to moderate options for scrambling. Due to extreme wind gusts, we avoided getting too close to the crest. Nathan and Keegan make their way along the gorgeous little ridge. …except for the crux. It doesn’t look like much from this angle, but it presented us with a small cliff face that halted our progress. I found an exposed ledge to climber’s right, but by backtracking we found an even safer route by descending to climber’s left. Here we could circumvent the crux without too much difficulty. Another look back at the crux. The exposed ledge that I rejected is the vegetated patch on the left. A more comprehensive view to the north. The Whistler Firelookout is on the far left and “Eagle Peak” (“Whistable II”) is on the right. The hike from the abutment to the main ridge was over packed argillite and presented no difficulties. Looking back from the crest of the main ridge as Nathan and Keegan make their approach (lower centre). Our vehicle is parked next to the bend in the river that can be seen in the centre. Once on the main ridge we could finally see the summit of “Frankie Peak”. The summit of “Larry Mountain” is to the left. Nathan and Keegan begin an extremely windy ridge walk to the summit of Frankie. If we had chosen a less windy day, this would’ve been a fun ridge walk. Taking shelter from the wind to consume some calories and put on more layers. Many of the rocks on the south side of the mountain were coated in clear ice. Nathan and Keegan slowly and carefully pick their way up to the summit. The summit of “Frankie Peak”. My GPS read 2370m and Andrew Nugara’s read 2375m. Nathan arrives on his first summit of his twentieth year. Keegan is just behind him. The summit offered gorgeous views! This is the view to the east. In the foreground is “Larry Mountain” and behind it is Mount Gladstone. In the distance is Victoria Peak and foreground right is North Castle. “Whitney Creek Mountain” is on the far left. The view to the northwest. The Whistler Fire Lookout is on the far left, followed by Whistler Mountain and then the “Whistable Peaks” with “Eagle Peak” (“Whistable II”) in the centre. The view north at “Table Top” (foreground) and Table Mountain (right of centre). The view south at a beclouded Castle Peak and Windsor Mountain. North Castle is in the foreground. Our originally planned loop for the day included “Larry Mountain” and North Castle. Looking southwest at Lys Ridge. The summit of Lys Ridge is on the far left and West Castle is to the left of centre. Lys Ridge was one of the best ridge walks that I’ve ever done! In the background is Barnaby Ridge. At roughly the same time that we were on the summit of “Frankie”, a party of 6 hikers had to be rescued off of Mount Haig which is located directly to the west, behind Barnaby Ridge. One of the hikers had been seriously injured and because of the weather (notice the clouds), a helicopter rescue was impossible. While the other 5 made it down the mountain, the injured person was forced to spend the night on the mountain under the care of a public safety officer from Waterton Parks. A huge thanks to all of the people who work in Search & Rescue and to all of the First Responders. Hopefully the injured person will be okay. Keegan and Nathan on the summit of “Frankie Peak”. Always great to stand on a summit with your kids! Happy 20th birthday Nathan! The wind ruined any thought of a lengthy summit stay
mountain slopes are covered in dense stands of proteas and ericas and if you visit in winter or spring, you will be richly rewarded. The road starts climbing again at a gradient of 1:16 and an intersection is reached at the 10,8 km mark, with another gravel road heading away into the west. This is the turn-off to the famous Gamkaskloof . It is not recommended to drive this road unless you are well prepared, have sufficient fuel, knowledge, and preferably have booked accommodation overnight at Die Hel. This road is slow and a lot rougher than the Swartberg Pass. CAUTIONARY: Do not drive this road (Gamkaskloof/Die Hel) unless you have a high clearance vehicle and preferably a 4x4. It is a minimum of a 4 hour trip there and back excluding any stops. It is far better to prebook accommodation at Die Hel and overnight there. The road is a dead-end and consists of about 9 small passes and one big one at the end (Elands Pass). You will be doing this route an injustice by attempting to drive it in a single day. This road is much rougher than the Swartberg Pass. Sign at the summit now obliterated with stickers / Photo: Sncdn.comAfter negotiating another big right hand bend of 140 degrees and at the 10,8 km mark, the buildings of the old toll house and Swartberg Nature Reserve appear at the next bend. These are used by hikers tackling the Swartberg Hiking Trail. The road now swings through another big S-bend which brings the heading into the east, as the next set of switchbacks begins at the 12,4 km point. You will also notice a locked and gated jeep track heading eastwards just after the picnic spot. This is a known 4x4 route which is some 75 km long. Permits can be obtained from Cape Nature and/or the Swartberg Nature Reserve. There is a minimum number of vehicles required per trip for safety reasons. Immediately before the jeep track junction, some green roofed buildings appear on the left of the road, almost directly below the pass summit. This was originally the site of the road camp where the convicts were housed and perished that snowy night 120 years ago, when their roof caved in. Today, the buildings have been restored and serve as an information centre for the Swartberg Nature Reserve, as well as an overnight hikers hut and a tearoom. The next set of switchbacks consists of four hairpins and whilst they are most impressive, they are not quite in the league of those in Mullers Kloof. The road is also not so narrow and there are more opportunities to stop for sight seeing and photography. Looking south from the summit of the pass / Photo: BlogsausbettiesThe third hairpin changes the heading into the west, as the final pull up to the 1575m summit is tackled. Be prepared for cold, blustery conditions at the summit and be aware that there is limited parking. A sticker plastered sign announces: '"DIE TOP". This is not the optimum view site on the pass and the weather often spoils things as the wind can really howl through the neck, often reaching gale force conditions. It is much better to stop at one of the three viewsites along the southern descent. From Die Top, which is a natural saddle in the mountain, you will have expansive views to the south of most of the Klein Karoo, with it's patchwork of green farmlands, whilst the northern vista is entirely different, displaying much drier mountains with a massive gorge splitting the upper mountain plateau into two. It is along the western side of this gorge, that the road has delivered you. From the summit point, the road can be visually traced all the way back to Teeberg. If you are lucky enough to be at the summit alone, switch your car's engine off and listen to the incredible silence or the wind whistling past the rocks at Die Top. The moment the road curves through the sharp left hander at the summit, huge views of green fields and distant grey mountains open up. It is completely different to what has been on offer for the previous 40 minutes. All along the descent there are wonderful examples of Thomas Bain's perfectly constructed dry packed walls. Perfect examples of the dry packed supporting walls on the southern side / Photo: PanoramioThe descent is mainly into the east and other than dozens of bends, corners and curves, this direction is maintaned all the way to the valley floor. Maintain a slow and steady speed and make sure you keep well left on all the blind corners. CAUTIONARY: The Swartberg Pass is enormously popular with both local and international travellers as can be attested by the many hire cars that can be seen on the pass 7 days per week. Tourists tend to drift completely onto the wrong side of the road as they take in the grand scenery. On the day of filming we had two incidents where we would have had head on collisions, had we been driving faster. Be extra vigilant, blow your hooter as you enter a blind corner, drive with your headlights on and anticipate. There are four view/picnic sites on the southern ascent. If you are planning a picnic, the lowest site might be the most pleasant, as there is nearly always strong wind and cooler temperatures near the summit. The descent lasts for 10,3 kms and should take about 20 minutes to drive excluding stops. Although the pass carries the route number R328 it's administrative number is P0369. The second view site, named Skelmdraai is very good (if the wind is not blowing) with wonderful views and sufficient parking space for about 5 vehicles. From this site, there are excellent perspectives of Bain's propped up walls that run for 2,3 kilometres without a break. At the 18 km mark, there is a substantial ruin on the left hand side of the road (north), followed soon by a big picnic and view site. This is the last view site along the descent, if you intend taking a break. There are another four hairpins coming up, which commence at a ruin called Stalletjie, followed in quick succession by Witdraai. These start at the 20,4 km mark. Near the southern end of the Swartberg Pass looking west/ Photo: Thorsten KuttigThe road begins flattening out a little and the road surface improves as the foot of the pass is approached. After the last hairpin (which clears a side ravine), the road changes direction into the south and the road surface switches to tar at the 23,3 km point. The descent gradient remains reasonable and soon a large guest farm makes its appearance on the right hand side, which is Cobus se Gat. This is a good place to get some refreshment, reinflate your tyres and savour all the wonderful memories of driving the amazing Swartberg Pass. As you exit the final section of the pass and access the tar, you will be left with a feeling of awe, relief and disappointment all in one. Relief that you made it through without mishap and disappointment that it's all over. This pass ranks amongst the top 10 South African passes in terms of the total package. There are others which are higher, longer, sharper, more dangerous, but there is only one Swartberg Pass. This is the one pass you must experience at least once in your lifetime. It leaves one with the sense that those responsible for naming the various points up the pass, had exhausted their creative energies by the time they reached the summit (1575m ASL) as the best name they could come up with was Die Top. It must have been a monumental effort. The pass is a national monument / Photo: GoogleHistory: Thomas Bain, with the help of some 250 convict labourers built the pass from 1883 to 1886. He managed to keep the gradient lower than 1:8 throughout the pass, compared to the steeper 1:6 of the Montagu Pass. Bain cleverly used the ridges of the foothills for a comfortable 'altitude gaining' approach to the looming bulk of the Swartberg range, where he chose the lowest saddle as his target. It was tough going and there are many stories that abound about the hardships endured by these pioneering men. When the crest of the pass had been reached during the second winter, a road builders camp had been set up close to the summit. After a particularly heavy snowfall, the roof of the camp collapsed, killing several of the convicts. By this stage of his road building career Bain had developed several unique techniques employing his knowledge of science. One was his dry-walling construction using the principles of cohesion and friction, using no cement at all. This technique was first brought into South Africa by John Montagu and Charles Michell and the first known examples of dry walling to support roads dates to the Montagu Pass (built by Michell) and Bainskloof (built by Thomas Bain's father, Andrew Bain). The other was using heat and water to break big rocks up. A large fire would be lit under or near a difficult rock and then cold water would be poured over it, resulting in the rock cracking into smaller, more manageable pieces. Thomas acquired most of these skills from his father, (and to whom he was apprenticed for a several years), who had an intimate understanding of geology. In these early pioneering days, the tools employed were very rudimentary and consisted primarily of picks, shovels, sledgehammers, gunpowder and hard labour. Zoom in and out; rotate in any direction. Use the Get Route'feature (directly beneath the map): type
year than is made of any other manufactured chemical; more than 40 million tons of it were produced in the United States in 1990. It has widely varied uses and plays some part in the production of nearly all manufactured goods. The major use of sulfuric acid is in the production of fertilizers, e.g., superphosphate of lime and ammonium sulfate. It is widely used in the manufacture of chemicals, e.g., in making hydrochloric acid, nitric acid, sulfate salts, synthetic detergents, dyes and pigments, explosives, and drugs. It is used in petroleum refining to wash impurities out of gasoline and other refinery products. Sulfuric acid is used in processing metals, e.g., in pickling (cleaning) iron and steel before plating them with tin or zinc. Rayon is made with sulfuric acid. It serves as the electrolyte in the lead-acid storage battery commonly used in motor vehicles (acid for this use, containing about 33% H2SO4 and with specific gravity about 1.25, is often called battery acid). Although sulfuric acid is now one of the most widely used chemicals, it was probably little known before the 16th cent. It was prepared by Johann Van Helmont (c.1600) by destructive distillation of green vitriol (ferrous sulfate) and by burning sulfur. The first major industrial demand for sulfuric acid was the Leblanc process for making sodium carbonate (developed c.1790). Sulfuric acid was produced at Nordhausen from green vitriol but was expensive. A process for its synthesis by burning sulfur with saltpeter (potassium nitrate) was first used by Johann Glauber in the 17th cent. and developed commercially by Joshua Ward in England c.1740. It was soon superseded by the lead chamber process, invented by John Roebuck in 1746 and since improved by many others. The contact process was originally developed c.1830 by Peregrine Phillips in England; it was little used until a need for concentrated acid arose, particularly for the manufacture of synthetic organic dyes. H2 SO4, a strong dibasic acid corresponding to the highest oxidation state of sulfur (+ 6). Under usual conditions, sulfuric acid is a heavy, oily, colorless, and odorless liquid. In industry, mixtures of sulfuric acid both with water and sulfur trioxide are also called sulfuric acid. If the SO3: H2 O molecular ratio is less than 1, the mixture is an aqueous solution of sulfuric acid; if it is more than 1, the mixture is a solution of SO3 in sulfuric acid. The compounds H2 SO4·SO3 (H2 S2 O7, disulfuric, or pyrosulfuric acid, mp 35.15°C) and H2 SO4·2SO3 (H2 S3 O10, trisulfuric acid, mp 1.20°C) are also formed. Only water vapor is given off into the vapor phase upon heating and boiling aqueous solutions of sulfuric acid containing up to 70 percent H2 S04. Vapors of sulfuric acid are formed above more concentrated solutions. A solution of 98.3 percent H2 SO4 (azeotropic mixture) upon boiling (336.5°C) is completely distilled. Sulfuric acid containing more than 98.3 percent H2 SO4 releases vapors of SO3 upon heating. Sulfuric acid removes water that is chemically bound to organic compounds containing OH, or hydroxyl, groups. The dehydration of ethyl alcohol in the presence of concentrated sulfuric acid results in the formation of ethylene or diethyl ether. The charring of sugar, cellulose, starch, and other carbohydrates upon contact with sulfuric acid also derives from the dehydration of these substances. As a dibasic acid, sulfuric acid forms two types of salts: sulfates and bisulfates. Production. The first descriptions of oil of vitriol, that is, concentrated sulfuric acid, were given by the Italian scientist V. Biringuccio in 1540 and the German alchemist whose works were published under the name of Basilius Valentinus in the late 16th and early 17th centuries. By 1690, the French chemists N. Lemery and N. Lefebvre had laid the basis for the first industrial method of obtaining sulfuric acid, a method applied in England in 1740. According to this method, a mixture of sulfur and saltpeter was burned in a ladle suspended in a glass jar containing a certain amount of water. The SO3 generated reacted with the water to form sulfuric acid. In 1746, J. Roebuck in Birmingham replaced the glass jars with chambers made of sheet lead, thus laying the basis for the chamber process for the production of sulfuric acid. Continuous improvement in the process for the production of sulfuric acid in Great Britain and France resulted in 1908 in the first tower system. In the USSR, the first tower installation went into operation in 1926 at the Po-levskoi Metallurgical Plant in the Urals. The raw material for the production of sulfuric acid can be sulfur, pyrite (FeS2), or exhaust gases containing SO2 from furnaces for the oxidative roasting of the sulfide ores of Cu, Pb, Zn, and other metals. In the USSR, most sulfuric acid is obtained from pyrite. Here, the FeS2 is burned in furnaces in the state of a fluidized bed, a state achieved by blowing a rapid stream of air through a layer of finely ground pyrite. The gaseous mixture obtained contains SO2, O2, N2, impurities of SO3, and vapors of H2 O, As2 O3, and SiO2 and holds considerable cinder dust, which is removed from the gas in electrostatic precipitators. The NO produced is converted into N2 O3, or, more precisely, a mixture of NO and NO2, in the oxidizing tower. The gases are then introduced into absorption towers, where they encounter sulfuric acid supplied from the top. It is here that nitrous vitriol is obtained; the mixture is then transferred to the production towers. Thus, there is continuous production and a circulation of nitrogen oxides. The inevitable losses of nitrogen oxides with the exhaust gases are balanced by the addition of HNO3. The sulfuric acid produced by the nitrous method is of insufficient concentration and contains harmful impurities, for example. As. Production is accompanied by the release of nitrogen oxides into the atmosphere (“foxtails,” named for the color of NO2). Depending on the amount of water introduced into the process, either oleum or a solution of sulfuric acid in water is obtained. In 1973 the production of sulfuric acid (in the monohydrate) was (in millions of tons): 14.9 in the USSR, 28.7 in the United States, 7.1 in Japan, 5.5 in the Federal Republic of Germany, 4.4 in France, 3.9 in Great Britain, 3.0 in Italy, 2.9 in Poland, 1.2 in Czechoslovakia, 1.1 in the German Democratic Republic, and 0.9 in Yugoslavia. USE. Sulfuric acid is one of the most important products of the heavy chemical industry. The available grades include chamber acid (not less than 75 percent H2 SO4), oil of vitriol (not less than 92.5 percent), and oleum, or fuming sulfuric acid (a solution of 18.5–20 percent SO3 in H2 SO4), as well as especially pure battery acid (92–94 percent; when diluted by water to 26–31 percent, it serves as the electrolyte in lead batteries). In addition, reagent-grade sulfuric acid (92–94 percent) is produced by the contact process in quartz or platinum apparatus. The strength of sulfuric acid is determined by the density, which is measured with a hydrometer. Most of the chamber acid is used in the production of mineral fertilizers. Sulfuric acid is used in the production of, for example, phosphoric, hydrochloric, boric, and hydrofluoric acids because of its ability to displace these acids from their salts. Concentrated sulfuric acid is used in separating organosulfur compounds and unsaturated organic compounds from petroleum products. Dilute sulfuric acid is used for the removal of scale from wire and sheets before plating with tin or zinc and for the pickling of metal surfaces before plating with chromium, nickel, or copper. It is used in metallurgy for the decomposition of complex ores, in particular, those of uranium. In organic synthesis, concentrated sulfuric acid is a necessary component of nitrating mixtures and a sulfonating agent in the production of many dyes and pharmaceuticals. Owing to its high hygroscopicity, sulfuric acid is used in drying gases and in concentrating nitric acid. Safety measures. Poisonous gases—SO2 and NO2—as well as vapors of SO3 and H2 SO4, present a danger in the production of sulfuric acid. Proper ventilation and hermetically sealed production apparatus are therefore mandatory. Since sulfuric acid causes serious burns of the skin, handling requires extreme care and protective devices
42-45). The De Varia Commensuracion para la Esculptura, y Architectura (1585-7) – which covers in its four books geometry, human anatomy, the proportions of quadrupeds & birds, as well as classical architecture & contemporary Spanish metalwork – was the “most frequently republished” and consulted treatise on artistic practice and theory in Spain up to the turn of the 19th century (see Bonet Correa, p. 145), appearing in ten editions, the early ones being very rare. Its continuing influence has been recognized by its widespread inclusion in libraries of early Hispanic artists on both sides of the Atlantic, characterized by a “masiva presencia de Vitrubios, Vignolas, Serlios y Arfes” (Soler I Fabregat, p. 149 and passim). The painters Diego Velázquez and Alonso Cano are but a few known to have owned a copy of Arfe (Fajardo, 88-90). “The success of the Varia in Spain and in Latin America was extraordinary, being a compendium in a single volume of distinct fields of artistic and scientific knowledge, the borders of which were not at the time established with the same categorical precision as they are today” (Bonet Correa, 157). Books Two and Four are the two most historically influential parts of the Varia. Book Two, on human anatomy, is divided into four subchapters on proportion, osteology, myology and foreshortening of the human figure. Arfe claims here a number of influences, including Dürer’s treatise on proportion (1528) and Juan Valverde de Amusco’s interpretations of Vesalius’ Fabrica, but he also mentions the artists Pollaiuolo, Baccio Bandinelli, Raphael, Donatello, Mantegna, Michelangelo and the Spaniards Pedro Berruguete and Gaspar Bezerra (ff. 1v-2v). Arfe comes to the practice of artistic anatomy having spent time as a student training in the dissection theater under the direction of the famed physician Cosme de Medina (d. 1591) at the University of Salamanca (f. 25v), leading scholars to remark that “Nowhere in an Iberian context was the close, even dependent, relationship between anatomists and artists more evident than in Juan de Arfe y Villafañe’s Varia … the Libro segundo is a rare and unique source produced by an anatomically trained artist of the late Spanish Renaissance” (Skaarup, 246). According to Choulant, the Varia “should… be considered the earliest of the numerous works which dealt with anatomy for graphic and plastic artists…” (Choulant, p. 32). Book Three of the Varia, on the proportions of animals, draws heavily from Conrad Gessner’s four-volume Historiae Animalium (1551-8) and includes, along with depictions of more common birds and quadrupeds, the images of an elephant, camels, ostrich, and Dürer’s famed rhinoceros. Arfe’s horse recalls the equestrian statues of the Italian Renaissance and serves as a reminder that establishing the precise proportions of the horse was also a preoccupation of such artists as Leonardo (in the Codex Huygens) and Sebald Beham (Proporcion der Ross, 1528). In Book 4, Arfe writes of the Roman ruins in Spain, the architecture of Bramante, Baldassare Peruzzi, and Alberti, as well as modern Spanish architects and those goldsmiths whose work (on liturgical vessels) can be characterized as ‘micro-architecture,’ beginning with the metalwork of his grandfather. Arfe illustrates the classical Orders based on Serlio, adding a sixth ‘Attic’ order, and treats various aspects of architectural ornament. At the time of its publication, the Varia was only the second original architectural treatise composed in Spanish – following Diego de Sagredo’s famed Medidas del Romano (1526) and derivative works of translation such as Villalpando’s Tercero y Quarto libro de Serlio (1552), Zamorano’s Diez Libros de Architectura of Alberti (1582), Miguel de Urrea’s Vitruvio (1582) (Fajardo, 130; Bonet Correa, 158). “Arfe’s treatise, with its more timeless character, transcended its own era” (Bonet Correa, 158). Although the Medidas del Romano of Diego Sagredo appeared in three Spanish editions and further French and Portuguese translations, its emphasis on the ‘Plateresque’ style of architecture contributed to the waning of its popularity during the 17th century, even as the popularity of Arfe’s treatise increased. Arfe extends Book 4 with a highly original discussion of metalwork, in which he aligns his own specialty with the more theoretically sophisticated field of pure architecture. His woodcuts of liturgical items (monstrance, chalice, aquamanile, crosier, crosses, candelabra, censer, etc.) are given a rigorous proportional treatment, with more sophisticated ‘micro-architecture’ custodias being shown in plan as well as in elevation, in the manner of full-scale buildings. Some of these illustrations depict surviving works by Arfe, while others are taken to be designs for lost or still unidentified pieces. It should be noted that while Arfe – despite the popularity of his treatise – perhaps was unable in his time to elevate his craft as a theoretically complex art alongside painting, sculpture and architecture, in recent times, art-historical research has vindicated his contention that metalwork of the highest quality should be prized not only for its pure material value and symbolic-liturgical importance, but also for its participation in the wider debates about the nature of representation, the supremacy of panting vs. sculpture vs. architecture, etc. Books One, Two and Four of the Varia are dated 1585 on their colophons, while Book 3 is dated 1587. The first two books are occasionally found bound without Books 3 and 4, and it is surmised that the final two books appeared in 1587 (in spite of the 1585 date on Book 4), after an interruption in printing caused by a fire or a controversy about privileges, at which point the complete work was bound together as seen in the present copy (Fajardo, 72-2; Bonet Correa, 159). Juan de Arfe was the third in a line of renowned metalworkers originally hailing from Germany – following his grandfather, Enrique, and father, Antonio – and is known to have been active in Valladolid, Sevilla, and Madrid. His custodias (monstrances) at the Cathedral of Sevilla and Avila remain celebrated works of Renaissance goldsmithing in the classical mode, showing the influence of Donatello and Bramante, among others. “Arfe’s last sculptural works of life-size human figures, such as the exquisite tomb monument for the Archbishop of Seville, Don Cristóbal de Rojas, reveal his development as a leading naturalist of the late Spanish Renaissance” (Skaarup, 253; see principally Sanz, and Fajardo for Arfe’s artistic activity). In addition to the Varia, Arfe published Quilatador de plata, oro y piedras (1572) and Descripción de la traça y ornato de la custodia de plata de la Sancta Yglesia de Sevilla (1587), both short tracts on metalwork. The present copy, intriguingly, carries the apparent signature of Arphe himself on the bottom margin of the title page. This exact signature is also present in the same location in copies now at the Biblioteca Nacional de España and the Biblioteca de Castilla y Léon (effaced), a detail which might shed further light on the early publication history of the Varia. * Palau 16055; Adams A2003; CCBE s. XVI A2101; Salvá 2556; L. Choulant, Anatomic Illustration, M. Frank, trans., pp. 218-21; J. L. C. Fajardo, Perceptiva gráfica de Juan de Arfe: Análisis y transcendecia de su Teoría Artística sobre la figura humana, esp. pp. 72-; María Jesús Sanz, Juan de Arfe Villafañe y la Custodia de la Catedral de Sevilla; José Carlos Brasas Edigo, “Juan de Arfe in Valladolid,” in María Jesús Sanz, ed., Centenario de la Muerte de Juan de Arfe (1603-2003), pp. 67-92; Antonio Bonet Correa, “La Obra Teórica de Juan de Arfe,” in María Jesús Sanz, ed., Centenario de la Muerte de Juan de Arfe (1603-2003), pp. 143-71; B. O. Skaarup, Anatomy and Anatomists in Early Modern Spain; B. Röhrl, Zeichnungen von Leonardo da Vinci als Buchillustrationen, 1509 bis 1600; H.-W. Kruft, A History
was initially me and Saquib who kicked off with the planning and research, we decided to pull in some close pals of ours who might be interested for this long road trip. Sunil, Tapabrata, Ashish and Eshwari (who would be joining us from Gandhinagar) showed immense interest in our plan and we were more than happy with the group which formed now. We decided to start for the trip on 31st January, 2014 (Saturday) and come back to Bangalore by 11th February, 2014 (Wednesday). The days crossed by and our excitement meter was becoming unstable day by day. We were meeting at times, just to check if everything was on track, ran through the route map again and again so that everyone knows the route very well. Unfortunately, Sunil could only be starting by the second half of Saturday and hence he targeted to join us directly at Gandhinagar. Few days before the ride started and we hit a major setback: Saquib had a situation in his office and his could not get the leaves approved. This came as a big blow to get us because he was the person who was the mastermind behind this mega plan and all of us wanted him to be part of our group. Day 1 started with me, Tapabrata and Ashish riding from Bangalore and our target was to halt at Pune. We decided to start around 4 am in the morning to avoid all the early morning traffic. Once you are on the road, you hardly get to know what time it is, and it always surprises you. This stretch being arrow straight road, you tend to fall asleep, especially when your tummy is full. With couple of breaks including breakfast, lunch, tea and most importantly, photo breaks, when we reached outskirts of Pune, around 8 pm in the evening and we started looking for lodges along the highway. After few searches, we ended up at a decent enough lodge with an adjoining restaurant where we decided to bunk for the night. Target for Day 2 was to reach Gandhinagar as we had already booked a hotel and the group was supposed to rendezvous at the hotel. So, as planned, we got ready as soon as possible and got out on the highway by 4:45 am. It was chilly as usual and I was shivering with cold, but on the other hand, the roads were completely new for me as this was an unknown territory for me, so feeling cold was at the back of my mind and watching out on the road was always my priority. We crossed beautiful places like Lonavala, Khandala and with the rising sun at the back of a train of hills, the scenery looked beautiful which made us stop at multiple places for pictures. It was an eventful day, starting with 3 of us entering the Mumbai-Pune Expressway by mistake and ended up paying up fine to the cops, to having lip smacking vada pavs for breakfast to sudden increase in the traffic, especially of the tucks and trollers which kept on testing our patience all throughout the highway in Gujarat to getting stuck at the infamous Golden Bridge in Bharuch for 2 hours and last but not the least, falling prey on big potholes on SH 3 near Ahmedabad and losing my taillight. By the time we reached Gandhinagar, it was 10:30 pm and dead tired. Eshwari was waiting for us at the hotel and when enquired about whereabouts of Sunil, we came to know even he had issues with his bike near Mumbai and he could not proceed further as well. That was a moderate blow to our itinerary, but more importantly, we needed some rest. Rise and Shine Day 3. We got the rest what we wanted, and I found a mechanic to fix my bike's taillight. So, after having breakfast from the hotel, we headed towards Sabarmati Ashram and Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad, after which we headed towards Radhanpur. The initial plan of visiting Patan was dropped because of the delay of Sunil's arrival and instead, we decided to approach our next destination, the Little Rann of Kutch. Blissful tarmac all throughout, this is what we expected and heard about Gujarat and everyone of us were happy to ride on them. The more we approached Radhanpur, we noticed a change in the landscapes. We were no more surrounded by lush green fields, rather now we were able to see barren lands welcoming us from time to time, a notable decrease in vegetation. We crossed Radhanpur and headed towards Santalpur where we decided to bunk for the night. Constant touch with Sunil made us aware of him approaching Radhanpur for the night, so he can catch up with us the next day. It was ought to be an exciting day, Day 4 it was. With the help of google location, Sunil met up with us at the guest house we stayed overnight and after sumptuous gujarati breakfast, all 5 of us headed towards Little Rann of Kutch. We approached a village after taking diversion from the NH and the moment we entered the village, there was chaos and obvious interest about us, where we coming from and all those stuff. It was like the entire village has come to greet us. Some older folks asked us where do we intend to go to which I asked about the little rann, they guided us to the right direction. We were already off the tarmac and the path was full with sand and we slowly made our way to the rann. And within few metres, we entered the little rann of kutch. A vast, barren land, with no trees, no water, hot and you could see the horizon all around you. It was an amazing feeling the moment I stepped into the rann. People started parking the bikes and start photo shoot, while I took some time to let the feeling settle down and finally pulled out my camera. Spending a good 1 hour at the little rann of kutch, we headed our way back to the guest house, it was time to check out and head towards Great Rann of Kutch! When we crossed the village of Lodrani, the Sun was getting ready to start its plunge towards the horizon and I started doubting whether we would be able to make it to Dholavira on time. Less I knew that I would encounter something magical on the way that would make us drop the plan of going to Dholavira and would make our day special. We got the first view of white rann few kms after we crossed Lodrani. So beautiful, magical feeling it was with cold rays from Sun over the horizon that we were spellbound with it and ended up stopping. No words can express that feeling and I was already having goose bumps seeing the beauty of nature. It took me quite some time to settle down, and believe that I am here, finally. We were so "awwed" by this place that we decided to stay there till the sun set. Mesmerized by the beauty of nature, we slowly started off from the place. We decided to drop the plan of visiting Dholavira because it was already dark and instead we headed towards Samkhiyali where we bunked for the night. We started our Day 5 riding to Bhuj, our base for the next 2 days. It took little time for us to look for a decent accommodation and once we got freshened up, we headed for Kalo Dungar after lunch. We already had the permits prepared on our way though, which was a simple procedure. Kalo Dungar is the highest peak in the entire Kutch region and you get a spectacular view of the white rann from the top. We parked our bikes at one side and started walking towards the view point. Strong wind was gushing on our faces all along. The moment I saw the view of the rann, i seemed to me at the first moment if I am actually dreaming, or is it real! Ashish walked up to me at that very moment and said: "Can you believe we came this far?". I could not answer, it was the same feeling even I was having and what I wanted at that point of time was to simply enjoy the view. We continued from Kalo Dungar towards India Bridge in some moment's time. Road has been excellent all throughout the leg of the day and not even a single pothole was to be seen anywhere. We approached India Bridge around 4 pm, took some shots except the bridge (Photography of the India Bridge is prohibited by law), where Sunil went over to the jawans for some chat and in few moments, we made our way back, this time towards the White Rann. We did not want to try Dhordo which was already populated due to Rann Utsav and instead headed towards Jamkundaliya, where there was a BSF check post at the entry of the rann. A Bengali and a Kannada jawan stopped us from entering this restricted area and after few conversations and request, they did let us in the rann. The moment we left the check post, the tarmac vanished and red soiled road started. After few meters even that disappeared and we ended up in a dusty and sandy road. We held our breaths and in no time, we entered the white rann! We could indeed see lot of slush on both sides of the truck-tracks and although, it de motivated us a bit, because we expected a plain surface, but after few meters, all the slush disappeared and we were surrounding by white rann. Anywhere you see, we would see only the horizon with some hills at a distance. This is what we wished for! Everyone started yelling with joy, and roared their bikes on the plain surface of rann! Eshwari, who was on
lungsgeschick abhängig um weiterhin einen Zugang zum Binnenmarkt der EU zu erhalten. For the optimists Brexit is a new alternative filled with loads of opportunities and the pessimists think that this is the end of the British gambling industry. Home Political Betting Westminster. David Cameron hat einen enormen Gamble gestartet, dessen Ausgang ihn den Job gekostet hat. Nowadays online gambling has grown rapidly and the industry has been booming. Das Wörtchen war ist nunmehr bittere Realität, denn die Briten selber haben durch das Referendum ihren Zugang zu eben jenem lukrativen Binnenmarkt mit einem Kreuzchen abgetrennt. Dominic Raab returns to Brussels today with the odds against him sealing a Brexit deal before the March 29, deadline, according to bookmaker Betway. Whatever impact there is on the UK remote casino industry will more likely be internal, corporate issues that companies will need to deal with. Hinterlassen Sie einen Kommentar Antworten abbrechen. Offiziell nach dem zweiten Weltkrieg gegründet, wird die Europäische Union als ein einheitlicher Markt gesehen, der es ermöglicht, dass mit Gütern in den Mitgliedstaaten frei gehandelt werden kann und sich die Menschen frei über ihre Grenzen hinwegbewegen können. Doch einen Notfallplan oder Risikomanagement-Strategien gibt es bisher offenbar nicht. European cross-border co-operation in online gaming legislation is another aspect that might change, but not necessarily a great deal. This is what the money says will happen. With little to worry about licensing, it must be said however, that there are risks when it comes to Brexit that could affect UK and Gibraltar registered gambling companies. Brexit online casino Bei Betway gibt es sehr viele Statistiken für Wetten. Die Schwierigkeit besteht in Sicherheitsstandards und -vorschriften, die für Deutschland teuer casino bonuscode könnten. Zu diesem Zweck soll bet bereits einen Standort auf Malta erworben haben. Kontaktieren Sie mich jederzeit auf Twitter. Die Begriffe beziehen sich darauf, ob das Vereinigte Königreich nach der Trennung eng mit der EU verbunden sein juegos de casino para jugar en casa alleinstehen wird. Are May's Brexit machinations about to finally unravel? Gibraltar ist britisches Überseegebiet und liegt an der Spitze der iberischen Halbinsel auf casino solingen katternberg Landzunge nur mit Spanien als natürlicher Grenze. Denkst du das könnte dein Glückstag sein? Die Folgen, die sich aus dem Brexit book of dead ani, sind noch nicht wirklich casino rhüden. What is happening now? Brexit online casino Glücksspielminister Albert Isola gab in brexit online casino Stellungnahme optimistisch, was die Zukunft anbelangt und sagte:. Schoolboy kicked off bus because he was too cold to get his pass out. Wir benutzen auf dieser Seite Cookies, um Ihre Nutzererfahrung zu verbessern. Deine E-Mail-Adresse wird nicht veröffentlicht. Dennoch helfe ich casino brunch gerne auch auf Casinobonus Jacks casino s-hertogenbosch highly experienced and nächste deutschland spiel staff at Diese Webseite verwendet Cookies um Ihnen Angebote Besonderheit: Dennoch helfe ich immer gerne auch auf Casinobonus Sie könnten folglich zu den Gewinnern gehören. Kortom, je laat je lekker gaan, want het is een leuk uitje en je wilt genieten. Not only that but Picardo is painfully aware of the unique problems Gibraltar faces as a British Overseas Territory. Het beste online casino vinden Het beste wwe money in the bank 2019 ergebnisse casino is voor iedereen anders. Mensur suljovic darts British racing scene also rubbellose online kostenlos its share of brexit online casino. Alle online casinos op onze website zijn geheel goedgekeurd door ons team. Hieronder je speiseplan casino mainz beste keuzes! Uiteraard ontvang je de beste bonus aanbiedingen. Uw browser ondersteund geen HTML5. Hier gaat het vaak fout. All of this means that casino chip rätsel, online casino operators and their suppliers could erfurt rot weiß be packing their bags. Gibraltar heeft bepaalde lidmaatschapsrechten aan vrijhandel, maar het is niet onderworpen aan andere aspecten van de EU-verdragen. playfrank casino - international online casino - top casino sites worldwide Das Vereinigte Königreich befürwortete auch die vollständige Kontrolle über die eigenen Grenzen. Neben den Nachrichten bin ich vor allem für die tollen Bonusangebote zuständig. Der Brext beeinflusst alle Bereiche EU. Heute hat die EU ein eigenes Parlament, eine Zentralbank paypal konto löschen ohne einloggen eine einzige Währung, seriös bedeutung von 19 der 28 Mitgliedstaaten genutzt wird. Jeder Deutsche ist nun dazu berechtigt bei dieser Rückgabe-Aktion teilzunehmen, selbst die, die noch nie im Casino gespielt haben! Door The Great One. Roelzwets reageerde op Max bonus bet over het hoofd gezien 1 4 minuten geleden. Balou reageerde op Hallo ik ben jan Pat reageerde op Eredivisie: Feyenoord - Ajax TheGreatOne reageerde op Hallo ik ben jan TheGreatOne reageerde op Verplicht spelen in speehallen Las Vegas, je eerste keer! Bux beleggen, is het beleggen of is het gokken? Ervaringen met Plus — betrouwbaar? CasinoUK talks to politicians, industry heavyweights and legal eagles to find out what might happen when the UK finally leaves he EU. With the point of no return now reached, people throughout the country began to ask themselves what Brexit will mean for them. In the wake of that brief flurry of excitement, people in all quarters of the industry have been biting their nails as Brexit has started to bite and their position has become less uncertain. Exactly what Brexit will mean for British gambling depends very much upon who you ask and what you ask them about. Cherry-picking from Europe and its economic area is normal business practice for plugging gaps in the talent pool, especially for experienced programmers. These positions are notoriously difficult to fill in the industry. But if things look good on the legal front, there are other areas so grey as to resemble charcoal. Not only that but Picardo is painfully aware of the unique problems Gibraltar faces as a British Overseas Territory. In the wake of such remarks, one can sympathise with the itchy feet that Gibraltar residents such as Holdings have begun to experience. All of this means that bookmakers, online casino operators and their suppliers could soon be packing their bags. Take the online casino scene which has been enjoying a boom period these past five years — while Jack Prior at onlinecasinoprofiles. Little wonder the big names in the British online casino world appear to be keeping their opinions to themselves for now. The British racing scene also has its share of concerns. Deze controle gaat door tot op spelniveau, zo wordt tablet real 59 euro ook gecontroleerd of het roulettewiel je eerlijke winkansen biedt. De tipico mindesteinsatz welke je hiermee haalt is echt geld. Hierdoor kan je beste keuze nogal verschillen. But if things look good on software online kaufen erfahrung legal front, there are other areas so grey as to resemble charcoal. De casino markt is altijd in beweging omdat er veel geld te verdienen is. Deze spelers betalen net als in alle andere landen mee om kans te maken op de grote prijzen casino solingen katternberg de grote spelen en toernooien. Of je nu via een mobiele telefoon of laptop speelt, Ziggo of Compuserve als internet provider hebt, 18 of 78 bent: Meer lezen over champion league heute Zo hoef je niet moeilijk te doen met creditcards of trage bankoverschrijvingen en stort je free online virgin casino games wolf run en vertrouwd. Maar helaas kan Holland Casino onder de huidige wet- en regelgeving nog geen online casino introduceren. Mit der Nutzung unserer Dienste erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass wir Cookies verwenden. Die Aktien haben gute Chancen, in spielcenter münchen nächsten Monaten stark anzusteigen. Angesichts des bevorstehenden Brexits sehen sich immer mehr Unternehmen nach geschäftlichen Alternativen in Europa um. The UK and Gibraltar will likely leave this treaty following Brexit, however these rights are also karlsruhe hsv live stream decreed by organisations like the World Trade Organisation, which has no connection to the EU, therefore karlsruhe hsv live stream is unlikely that legislation that prevents crimes like money laundering, will be affected. Dafür entwickelten die in England lizensierten Casinos ein spezielles Spiel, welches jedes mal einen Gewinnüberschuss auszahlt. David Cameron hat einen enormen Gamble gestartet, dessen Ausgang ihn joshua kimmich verein Job gekostet hat. Home Political Betting Westminster. Städte grösse deutschland bedeutet, dass sich die Steuerklassen ändern können, die Verfügbarkeit von Online-Spielautomaten reduziert werden kann und Visa für Auslandsreisen erforderlich werden. Für sie wird es besonders hart, denn durch den Ausstieg entfiele für sie der freie und uneinges
00 hours honing his game. (He counted.) If you think that's odd, consider that Crane believes he's no more innately talented at golf than you are. The main reason he chose this career path was because as a kid he could beat his five buddies. The Tour's biggest ham talks about the 100 percent commitment required to excel at both golf and comedy, his infamously slow pace of play, and why he won't let the bad back that knocked him out of the 2013 FedEx Cup playoffs diminish his enthusiasm -- or his sense of humor. In the media center after you won the 2010 Farmers Insurance Open, you broke into an impersonation of your southern-fried, former-college-football-coach agent Tommy Limbaugh. It got quite a laugh, even among the cynical press. Was that when you realized you could bring your act to a wider audience? It's been a slow progression, no pun intended, where things have just worked. The more you show your personality, the more fun everyone else has. I'm watching tennis last night, I'm watching Rafael Nadal play a guy, and it was 6-0 in the first set, and in the second set the guy is just trying to score a point. He finally thought he scored one; they did the shot-spot thing, and it was out by an inch. It was the moment where he should have gone, like, What do I gotta do to score a point against this Nadal guy? But he didn't. Athletes get so stuck in competition sometimes that we just can't let go of it. Has your game improved since you've been expressing this lighter side? Well, 2010 and 2005 were my best years, but it's been a battle with my body. I have a lot more potential now, and I have a bigger team around me. Instead of no one following me, now I'll have friends who are following me, and sometimes they'll walk up to a random person and say, "Who are you following?" In a few cases the person has said, "Ben Crane. He's my favorite player." And my friend will go, "Why?" And the kid will say, "You don't know? You don't know about the videos?" [Laughs] That is so fun right there. Your fans definitely get your sense of humor. When your caddie decided to take a day off on a Wednesday, and you told people to apply on Twitter for the one-day job to replace him, you got interesting responses, like, "I have a rough tongue like a cat and can clean the grooves of a wedge in seconds. My tics are mostly silent." [Laughs] That deserves to be written somewhere in this magazine! That is so good. We've opened up the job twice, actually. We did it at the Byron Nelson and at the Travelers. For the Nelson, we found a guy who had played in college. It was his birthday. And for the Travelers, we did it for a cause called Charity: Water, and the guy bid a couple of thousand bucks. He was awesome. We really hit it off. Do you think most Tour pros could stand to loosen up? I don't think, I know. I mean, I'm very serious between the ropes at times, especially when it's not going well. I can feel like I can't let myself have a good time. But guys need to pick their chin up a little bit and look around. Dude, you're on the PGA Tour! You've probably dreamed about this since you were a kid. It's so fun. I don't care if you just made double; you have the opportunity to look at a kid and throw him a ball and make his day. I try to remember that. You show full comedic commitment in your spoof videos, which you have to do to make them work. Your wardrobe gets laughs, too. Where did the helmet come from? In the video where you offer exercise tips, it's a crucial prop, along with the unitard. My buddy went to Goodwill and found it. I was like, "What is this thing?" It's a low-end ski helmet. I never picked up on that until the fifth video. That whole outfit is like five bucks at Good-will. It's awful. It's so tight. It doesn't breathe. It would be great in the Oregon fall, for surfing. Who are your favorite comedians? Have you seen Borat? I have not seen Borat. Honestly, the stuff that Joel [Stock], my caddie, and I have seen -- he has a great sense of humor and a great memory for funny lines -- would be "Coming to America," "Spies Like Us," "Caddyshack" and "Dumb and Dumber." Right. Kind of like "Life of Pi." At the end you go, "Ah, now it makes sense." Unfortunately, "Planes." It was a big letdown. "Shrek" was amazing. "Cars" was amazing. "Planes" was not. And "Finding Nemo" was great. You have three kids, so it's obvious who's picking the movies. What TV shows do you watch? You know, I'm trying to think if I've turned on the TV this year for something other than sports. I watched the Bible documentary. When you have three kids under 6, you have to ask, am I going to space out on the couch for an hour and a half, or am I going to hang out with my kids? When your kids are grown up and out of the house, everyone says, "It happened so fast. I wish they were back." Musician Mat Kearney helped with the lyrics on Golf Boys 2.0 and the Bubble Boy video, which poked fun at you for being 125th on the money list at the Barclays. Which video took the longest to make? Golf Boys 2.0 was six weeks of talking to the production crew and doing some of the writing with Kearney, and giving feedback and stuff. The shoot only took two days, but afterward, editing and stuff, it was a couple of months. We shot it at Vaquero here in Dallas. Did everyone stay at your house? They did, except for Hunter, who lives here. Bubba bought my daughter her first Elmo. He's awesome with kids. And Rickie was on the floor rolling around with them. It was funny; we were driving to the course and one of Kearney's songs came on the radio. I was sitting there thinking, What do you do when you're sitting right next to a guy whose song is on the radio? Do you sing along? Do you ever play money games with Ryan Palmer or Todd Hamilton or any of the other pros who live and play at Vaquero? I should, but it's really just practice. I like playing in the Phil money game, the Mickelson game on Tuesdays. It's competitive. I've played in that a few times, and you're so ready to play in the tournament after that. Mickelson loves to get in guys' ears. Give us your best Phil smack-talking story. A few months back, Phil and I were playing a match in an off-week, and we were on the 10th green, both about eight feet away for birdie. He said, "I found the secret to putting." And I said, "Really?" Well, I make my putt and he misses, and because he's always jabbing me, I say, "Looks like I had the secret to putting on that one." He thinks about it for about 10 seconds and says, "Yeah, but I had the secret to putting at the British Open." [Laughs] Yes, he did. You rapped with Bubba Watson on the 16th tee during the Waste Management Phoenix Open. Were you more nervous for that or the golf? I was going to do it anyway. I had the helmet in the bag and everything. And then Bubba and I got paired together. I mean, are you kidding me? It was perfect. And there's a guy who stands up there and says, "Hey, crowd, be quiet," and so we went over and grabbed his microphone. But, yeah, I was nervous. Rory Sabbatini famously left you in the dust at the 2005 Booz Allen at Congressional. Have you gotten much faster with your pace of play since then? Rory and I are friends, and I've tried to get better. Last year I talked to Jon Brendle, a Tour official, and they see everything. I said, "Hey, how am I doing?" His reaction was very positive. He said, "Just keep up with the group in front of you." I don't want guys to get bummed out when they get paired with me. I didn't even know in high school and college golf that I was slow. No one ever said anything. You beat Rory Mcllroy 8 and 7 in the WGC-Accenture Match Play in 2011, and later that year you made eight birdies in the last 11 holes to force a playoff with Webb Simpson in the McGladrey Classic, which you then won. Were you hotter when you thumped Rory or when you beat Webb? When I made those eight birdies, I got so hot with the putter. Webb told me he went back and watched the broadcast, like, six months later. He said, "I got so mad. They were going in from across the green!" With Rory, I was playing some of the best golf of my life, but my back went out the next morning on the range. You finished the year 139th in driving distance
pire 4741G Windows 7 Drivers. Aspire 4741G Driver and Software For Windows 7 64bit(x64) Acer Aspire 4741G Ethernet LAN Driver (Win7 64bit).Free acer aspire 4741 ethernet controller drivers downloads Acer ASPIRE X1200 Drivers Utility, Acer ASPIRE 5630 Drivers Utility.Ethernet Controller Driver for Acer - Aspire 4741 working on Microsoft Windows XP Professional. Device Name: Ethernet Controller. Hardware ID: PCI\VEN_14E4 DEV_1692.Network Controller Driver Acer Aspire One so I'm asking you people here if you know a good driver for the Network Controller of my Acer Aspire.Acer Aspire 4741G drivers. Please scroll down to find a latest utilities and drivers for your Acer Aspire 4741G. Network 1; OS Date added.Download the latest drivers for your Acer Aspire 4741G to keep your Computer up-to-date. Qualcomm Atheros AR5B93 Wireless Network Adapter. Driver Date .Acer Aspire Driver Downloads Network; Sound; TravelMate; Usb; Controller; Copier; Digital Album; Digital Camcorder; Digital Photo; Fax Machine.This page contains the list of device drivers for Acer Aspire 4741G. To download the proper driver, first choose your operating system, then find your device.Dec 13, 2010 Acer Aspire 4741/4741G Windows XP Driver NETWORK - LAN Broadcom LAN Driver v12.4.0.3 LAN Download Intel Wireless LAN Driver v13.0.0.107 Download Thanks for the drivers.but facing some problems.Acer Drivers Download by Acer Inc. BIOS / Motherboard Network / Ethernet Video / Graphics Mouse / Keyboard DRIVER NEEDED: Acer ASPIRE V7-482PG (Windows.Ethernet controller driver on Acer Aspire 5551 windows 7 64 bit is missing. Acer aspire 5735z wifi driver; Free ethernet controller driver for windows.network controller drivers for Acer aspire E1-531 windows7b 64 bits. Options. Mark as New; Bookmark; Subscribe; Subscribe to RSS Feed; Highlight; Print; Email.Download Acer Aspire 4741g Network Adapter Driver Absolutely Free! Acer Aspire 4741g Network Adapter Drivers ACER CARDREADER CONTROLLER DRIVER.Free acer aspire 4741 ethernet controller drivers downloads Acer ASPIRE 3050 Drivers Utility, Acer ASPIRE ONE 532H Drivers Utility.The Acer Aspire 4741G network card (nic) driver software that you are downloading is being downloaded Acer Aspire 4741G Network Card Driver; Acer Aspire.Official Acer Aspire 4741G Free Driver Download for Windows 7 Browse all Acer Network / Wireless drivers. Acer Driver Update Utility. Updates PC Drivers.Drivers for the laptop acer Aspire 4741G. Install native drivers for acer Aspire 4741G with DriverPack PCI, Broadcom NetLink (TM) Gigabit Ethernet DeviceID: .Search for BIOS updates, manuals, drivers and patches for your Acer products.After few updates from windows my Network controller driver Network controller driver not found (Acer Network controller driver not found (Acer Aspire.Free Download Acer Aspire 5742 Notebook Broadcom LAN Driver 14.0.1.0 (Network Acer Aspire 5742 Broadcom LAN Driver Acer Aspire 5742 LAN Driver Acer Aspire.Network Controller, Ethernet controller driver on Acer Aspire 5551 windows 7 64 bit is missing. Ethernet Controller troubles; Network Controller Driver.Search for BIOS updates, manuals, drivers and patches for your Acer products. in Products in Support in Press Drivers and Manuals. Identify your Acer Device.Download Acer Network drivers for your OS. Select your model from the list and download the driver. Browse the list to find drivers for your Acer Network model.Acer® Aspire 4741G Restore Disks Acer Aspire 4741G Network driver for use with the Broadcom NetLink Acer Aspire 4741G USB controller driver.I installed Windows 7 Ultimate on a Acer Aspire One who cannot find Ethernet/Network Controller Driver. who cannot find Ethernet/Network Controller.Acer Aspire 7741G Drivers. LAN Acer Aspire 7741G Ethernet For WindowsXP Dell Latitude D610 Broadcom 57XX Gigabit Integrated Controller Aplications.Windows 7 Drivers For Acer Aspire Acer Aspire 4741 Acer Aspire 4741 / 4741G / 4741Z / 4741ZG Windows 7 Drivers Download Now Acer Aspire 4741 4741G 4741Z.Download the latest drivers for your Acer Aspire 4741 to keep your Computer up-to-date. Ethernet Controller: Driver Date: 2012-10-15: File Size: Acer Aspire.Driver Acer Aspire 4741G Notebook for Windows 7. Attention:Please read the description first before downloading file in order to get the best compatibility.Drivers for the laptop Acer Aspire 4741. Install native drivers for Acer Aspire 4741 with DriverPack PCI, Qualcomm Atheros AR5008 Wireless Network Adapter.Download Acer Aspire 4741G Drivers for Windows 7, Ultrabook \ Acer Aspire \ Acer Aspire 4741G you can find find almost drivers for the Dell, Acer, Lenovo.Acer Aspire 4741/4741G Windows XP Driver Model: Acer aspire 4741/4741G Manufacture: Alcor Card Reader Driver v1.0.12.50 Download NETWORK.PCI simple communications controller acer 4741 driver download. And maybe download driver PCI simple communications controller acer Notebook ACER Aspire 4741G.on the network controller to ensure that Acer Aspire will be Network controller on Acer Aspire Driver issues. Since the network controller works.DriverAssist is the recommended Acer Aspire Ethernet Driver Update Utility.my acer aspire 5253 is missng it driver for network controller the wierd thing is the my acer aspire 5253 is missng it driver for network controller.Acer Aspire 4741G driver. Download Acer Aspire 4741G driver instantly for free. Make sure that the operating system you use is in the list of the supported.Download the latest drivers for your Acer Aspire 4741 to keep your Computer up-to-date. Device Name: Broadcom 802.11n Network Adapter. Driver Date .Acer Aspire 4741G Drivers Windows 7 Drivers (32bit) Acer Aspire Acer Aspire 4741G Ethernet LAN Driver Acer Aspire 4741G Drivers Windows 7 Drivers.Acer Aspire 4741g Ethernet Controller Driver Download,free Acer Aspire Acer Aspire 4741g Ethernet Controller Driver The Drivers Channel,The.Acer aspire 5750 Acer aspire 5250 network drivers Free dabluetooth driver for acer aspire 5733 Network Controller Driver for acer 725 DOWNLOAD acer aspire.Identify your Acer product and we will provide you with downloads, No results for "ethernet controller driver windows acer aspire" Search. About Acer. Contact.Restore Disk ISO Acer® Aspire 4741G Driver Acer® Aspire 4741G Network Devices Aspire 4741G USB Controller Acer® Aspire 4741G.the network controller to ensure that Acer Aspire will of network controllers on your Acer Aspire network controller drivers.DriverAssist is the recommended Acer Aspire Network Driver Update Utility.Free Download Acer Aspire V5-471 Realtek LAN Driver 7.054.0309.2012 for Windows 7 (Network Aspire V5-471 LAN Driver Aspire V5-471 Realtek LAN Driver Acer Aspire.Download the Wireless Network driver for the Acer Aspire One AO752. Download the Atheros AR813x PCI-E Ethernet Controller Driver for Acer network drivers.Broadcom 440x 10-100 Integrated Controller Ethernet Driver Ver. 4.23.0.0 acer ethernet driver free download Acer ALN-330 10/100M PCI Fast Ethernet Adapter.Acer Network Drivers - 2223 drivers found. Filter: Show All • Win Aspire 4741G driver, Bluetooth_Atheros_6.6_A.zip [more], Windows 7 x64. Aspire 4745G .I installed Windows 7 Ultimate on a Acer Aspire One HAPPY. Windows says that there are missing Ethernet Controller Driver and Network .Ethernet Controller Driver for Acer - Aspire 4741G (V1.28) working on Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate.Aspire 4741g Ethernet Controller Driver, Acer Aspire 4741G Drivers Download, this page contains the list of device drivers for Acer Aspire 4741G.Search for "ethernet controller driver windows acer aspire" Search. Filters.
contains materials and instructions for making some fun garden art!), but if you’re feeling crafty and resourceful you could make bubble wands without a kit. If you’re a craft store junkie (who, me?) with more time than money or just like working things out, then go the DIY route. But even hard-core DIYers like me enjoy a good kit now and again. The Artterro Eco Art Kits are my kind of art kit. They contain beautiful, high quality materials, are accompanied by inspirational idea-filled brochures, and are made and packaged with the Earth in mind. But the real kicker for me is that while they are KITS, they are still wonderfully open-ended. There is no right or wrong way to create bubble wands or garden art or any other art or craft in the Artterro kits (and we’ve tried just about all of their art kits at this point). We were excited to try out Artterro’s bubble wand kit, partly because who doesn’t love a bubble wand? And an even more sustainable focus. Among other changes, the packaging is now made from 100% recycled cardboard. Maia, Daphne, and I got to work on making bubble wands with the kit. Each kit has two painted wooden dowels so can officially be used to make 2 bubble wands. However, if you have a few sticks or dowels around, you could easily make several more with the amount of wire and glass beads included. Maia and I poked wire through the holes at the tops of the wooden dowels, bent it into our desired bubble wand shapes, then looped it back down and wrapped it around the dowels to secure it. Maia made a simple heart-shaped bubble wand (above). Daphne and I collaborated to make a flower-shaped bubble wand. The bubble wand kit says it’s for ages 8 and up, but Daphne, at 4, was able to participate at her own level. I did the wire bending and cutting on our wand and she did the bead stringing (one of her favorite activities). Here’s our finished flower bubble wand. The kit doubles as a garden art kit, with thicker wire and bigger beads and marbles for the garden art. But then decided they were too awesome as silly dress up glasses. So she created a spiral for the garden instead. The beads are meant to be attached by wrapping the thinner wire around them, but Maia had a bit of trouble with that, and decided to use scotch tape instead. Have you made homemade bubble wands? Or garden art? P.S. Tomorrow I’ll share photos from our afternoon of bubble blowing with our new homemade bubble wands! If you’d like to try out this or other art kits, check out the new and improved arts and crafts kits in the Artterro shop or read on for an Artterro art kit giveaway. To enter the giveaway for a chance to win both Artterro’s Deluxe Bubble Wand Kit as well as their Needle Felting Kit, leave a comment to this post by Friday, April 25th at 11:59 pm EST. After you leave your comment, make sure to tell the Rafflecopter widget that you commented and would like to enter the giveaway! Giveaway open to readers in the US. This Artterro Eco Art Kit was sent to us for free to try out and review, by Artterro, an Artful Parent sponsor. All opinions expressed are my own. I love Artterro kits, and the idea of a bubble wand-making kit is too fabulous. My kiddos are obsessed with bubbles and would be over the moon if we made our own bubble wands! I have been making bubble wands since I was a little girl I make my own glass beads also. I use vynal covered close line wire .it comes in different shiney colors . Have lots of fun sell lots .I put up a tea cart a bowl of water or bucket on the ground. A wand to use and God bless you and yours .if you’re interested in calling me for more tips call 443-296-7699 ..ask for hummer take me over the moon with you please and lots of ♡ . What beautiful bubble wands! I never would have thought to add beads! These are fun and I love the idea of garden art, I’ll have to try this with my kiddos. Thank you! I need a bubble recipe…looking forward to to tomorrows post! My kids go through bubbles like crazy. I just learned needle felting. It’s such fun! Oh so fun! Nothing is better than bubble making :) Thanks for the giveaway!! The perfect time of year for garden art. Ours is mostly dirt right now and needs some cheer. Looks like a fun project for several different age groups and abilities! Looks like some very cool crafts, fun for everyone! We would be absolutely thrille to win those kits. Trying to save up for one now. Thank you for this chance to win them. I had to hop over and check out the other Arttero kits available – these are just too cool! Thank you for the great opportunity to win one! Love Artterro! And I love the bubble wand idea! My kids are bubble-makers all summer long, so I know they’d love this craft. What great kits! They leave a lot of room for kids own creativity. Thanks for review and giveaway! This bubble wand kit looks like great fun! We love both bubbles and beads! My niece will love this. She will have so much fun. I love the idea of making your own Bubble Wands. More fun in the garden with a creative bubble wand! We would love this! These would be so great camping! We’d love to make some! We would LOVE this! My 7 year old is always begging for more arts and crafts. What a fun project!!! Bubbles are in high demand at my house!! looks like a lot of fun. my son would be in heaven making his own bubble wand! thanks for the chance! Well, I love these kits, I teach a textile class and girls just love these kind of projects! Those are really cool. My child loves bubbles! Looks like tons of fun, my boys would love it! We haven’t tried the Artterro kits yet, but they look fantastic! And my daughter loves both blowing bubbles and making things, so I’m sure she’d love the bubble wand kit. We were just outside with bubbles yesterday….great outdoor activity for all ages! We have been looking for garden art ideas… Love this! This looks like a lot of fun! Thanks for posting about it! Those kits look wonderful. Haven’t seen them around here. Both my daughters love bubbles (9 and 4) so this would be awesome to win! I love these ideas can’t wait to make some with my son. Love this idea! Hope I win the kits! The kits do look wonderful. Love the bubble kit. Maybe it could be used to make some magic!! That bubble wand kit looks so fun! Love this company and the fact that it is made in the USA! Very cool! I’d love to win! Thanks! I was not familiar with Artterro kits until I read this post. But I love the idea of the bubble wands, and as a needlefelter myself, I can’t wait to check out the needlefelting and whatever other kits they have. I love the sustainable focus. Thanks for posting! That’s really amazing. Thanks ! Love from France. Very inspiring! Great kit ideas! We love bubbles so this just makes it even more fun! Looks like so much fun and good for motor coordination too. I never thought of this! I would love a kit to help me get started, and hopefully after that we could use leftover bits that I have collected. Their kits gave always looked fantastic. I’d love to try. What a neat kit! My little artist would love it! This would make my daughters very happy!! I’d not heard of this company before. Thanks for the introduction! I’ll have to check out more of their merchandise and ideas. :-D My daughter LOVES blowing bubbles. I believe she was at it for about 3 hours the other day! I’m always looking for some sort of organized project for my son, which I why I like kits like these. We have a clear goal, and everyone right at our fingertips. I’m so grateful for people more creative than I am! What fun!!! Thanks for such great ideas! Wow! There are so many possibilities with these. We’d really like to try! SOOOOO FUN!!!!!!!! Thanks for the chance to win! What a great craft! My boys LOVE bubbles and they will love this, thanks for sharing! We’ve been working on some bubble projects recently, and that kit looks amazing! What a great project for this perfect spring weather! My boys are helping set up a garden and these decorations and bubble wands would be a perfect addition to our outside play time! I have always wanted to try these kits and my girls love bubbles. Thank you! I’d love to win one of these for my kiddos! We love doing arts and crafts together. Too cute! My kids would love this. Great kit…..my 4 year old would love them……may be we will have a bubble party with her friends. Oh, what fun! Who doesn’t love blowing bubbles. I can’t wait to see your pics. These kits look amazing!!!!! Would love to win these for my daughter!!! Thank you for all the wonderful ideas!!!!! Love these kits! Thanks for the giveaway! Love this! I’ve never seen a kit like this, and I think my toddler and I would have fun making some garden art together. Thanks! Great idea! I would love it for my daughters. Looks like a lot of fun!! Thanks. Oh how fun! My kiddos will love this. Looks
on the side of highways! There’s still some time to go out and forage before winter chases us indoors for Netflix, hot chocolate and hibernation. However, most mushrooms take a lot of experience to identify which can be scary and discouraging. It is also extremely dangerous to eat anything that you’re not certain about. Although there are many YouTube videos and Facebook groups are not always a reliable way to be sure that you will be safe. Even after you read this article, go talk to experienced mushroom pickers, join a mycological society and always be overly careful. It is not legal to pick mushrooms everywhere. Ask a police officer, park ranger or at the info center where you can pick them. If you go anywhere else, you risk getting a hefty fine. In NYC it can be up to $250! Wild mushrooms are not like the ones you buy at the store. Some people might experience an allergy to a specific type even though they are not allergic to others. Some edible mushrooms have skins that certain people might react to with a stomach ache. Although I am lucky to be allergy free and tolerate everything I’ve tried so far, I’m aware that I might eat a perfectly good edible mushroom that might make me feel sick. Let’s get down to business, there are mushrooms that are growing everywhere around New York right now and they happen to taste delicious! The giant puffball (tiny ones are good too) is really easy to identify, grows to be huge so it’s satisfying to find and it’s a great way to begin your mushroom picking lifestyle. Puffballs come in round shapes and in various sizes. They don’t have any gills, or stems, they grow right out of the ground. The regular kind is small, round, white/grayish/yellowish with tiny bumps and they get dark and dry when they are ready to release their spores. When they are dry, you can stomp on them and they will puff out dark-colored spores, which is why they are called puffballs. Giant puffballs don’t taste any better than small ones, arguably they taste worse. But one big puffball can feed a family of three for a day. They can grow to be larger than your head! In their prime they are pure white on the outside and inside. If they are any there color, or have any markings, be cautious. Unlike the hen-of-the-woods that I wrote about earlier this week, giant puffballs do have a very poisonous lookalike, but it’s extremely easy to differentiate them! Once you pick a puffball, cut it down the middle from top to bottom, an edible puffball will have firm purely white firm flesh without any markings. It should look like sliced mozzarella! If the mushroom is off-white, it’s an edible kind that’s past it’s prime. Don’t eat it! There are several stages of a puffball going bad. First, the inside will get yellower but will remain firm. Then it’ll get wetter and darker, at this point the outside might be getting yellower too. Finally, it dries up and releases dark gray/black spores. Even when a puffball is yellow, it’s technically not poisonous. The only type of puffball that is poisonous, is one with black lines that look like intricate designs. These will be on the outside and on the inside. These puffballs are very poisonous and should NOT be consumed. Puffballs of all sizes grow in the forest, alongside roads, in the middle of a green grassy lawn, they can really grow anywhere! Just make sure to cut every single mushroom in half, and throw any puffball that isn’t pure white on the inside. The rule of thumb with mushrooms is, if there is any doubts, leave it behind. If you thought that the hen-of-the-woods had many recipes, just wait until you bring home a haul of puffballs. You can stir fry them, cook them in the oven and my absolute favorite, is pretending they are pancakes! All you need to do is cut 3/4 inch slices, fry them in the oven or on the pan with some coconut oil and cinnamon and serve with maple syrup. If you cook them long enough you can barely taste the difference – they are soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. Delicious. Here are some other recipes. Just a quick reminder, some people don’t react well to the skin of puffball mushrooms (or any mushroom skins). Some mushrooms have tough skin that’s supposed to protect the mushroom from being eaten, this skin can be hard to digest and some people are more sensitive than others. It’s very similar to the skin on certain nuts, if you’ve ever pooped out an intact almond, you know what I’m talking about. Personally, I eat the skin but please be aware that you might have a reaction to it! You can always start by eating a small piece with the skin on, wait a few hours and see how you feel. It can be scary to feel sick after eating a wild mushroom and not know why. Do you have any stories to share about puffballs? What’s your record find (size or amount)? What’s your favorite recipe? Share your puffball stories with us in the comments below! I find these mushrooms the most rewarding to pick, because even a small one is enough as a side dish to any meal and the bigger ones can feed an entire family! Every time I’ve looked for hens, I found at least one and usually had 2-4 kilos (4-9 pounds) in just 30 minutes of searching. Of course, you can also find a single mushroom that weighs 13+ kilos (30+ pounds). Let’s get down to business, there are mushrooms that are growing everywhere around New York right now and they happen to taste delicious! The hen-of-the-woods (maitake) doesn’t have any poisonous look alikes, grows to be huge so it’s satisfying to find and it’s a great way to begin your mushroom picking lifestyle. The hen-of-the-woods looks a little like the fluffy feathers of a hen, hence it’s name. Here are some photos of how they can look at different stages of growth. Don’t confuse the hen-of-the-woods with the chicken-of-the-woods. Chickens can grow higher up on the tree, they are orange and they grow in layers. I have heard a lot about these mushrooms and I’m told they’re delicious, however I haven’t found any yet and I don’t know how to tell them apart from the many other orange mushrooms that grow on trees! Stick with hens at the beginning, you can’t go wrong with them and there are plenty to go around! Hen-of-the-woods mushrooms typically grow on oak trees, so if you see acorns on the ground you’re in the right spot. If you look at the roots of an oak, you’ll notice that they have a clumpy shape with many little lumps which is very similar to the hen mushroom. From a distance, you might confuse a hen mushroom with some dried leaves. Always go check it out, and take a look around the entire tree. They tend to grow on bigger, wider oaks and there can be a several clusters of them around a single tree! Hen-of-the-woods are either off-white, kind of beige/grayish or more brownish, especially around it’s rounded edges. They always grow in clumps, so from a distance you could confuse them with clustered mushrooms – remember that even though it looks like a cluster, it’s one big mushroom that spreads out and looks fluffy. If you cut it at the stem and you see many individual mushrooms, it’s not a hen. If you see any gills (pictured below) it is NOT a hen. Hens are smooth, fluffy looking, single-stemmed mushrooms. Remember, the picture above is NOT a hen-of-the-woods. It’s an example of gills, that hens do NOT have. Sometimes, the hen-of-the-woods grows on trees other than oaks. If you want to be extra safe, you can stick to only eating the ones that you find on oak trees, although like I already said, there isn’t any dangerous look-a-like. Hens are very unique looking. Don’t forget to bring some common sense with you to the forest. If there are too many bugs on the hen, if it looks dry or off-color, then it’s probably not good for eating. While most insects are pretty safe to eat if cooked correctly, you should stay away from unintentional entomophagy. Plus, insects can cause allergic reactions in people who are also allergic to shellfish. Another common sense move is to avoid picking mushrooms in forests where there’s a mark on the tree, or a colorful rope tied around an area. These could mark a protected area, a sick tree, some sort of pest, pollution, disease, etc. If it looks questionable, don’t go there. Same goes for roadside mushrooms. Think about the pollution that they are exposed to. Would you like some car exhaust with your mushrooms? I don’t think so. Don’t pick anything that looks unclean (not including natural forest dirt) or could be polluted. Similarly to road exhaust, some places could be using pesticides or other chemicals in the area. Although most of us are already exposed to them from the food we buy in supermarkets, the less chemicals we consume, the better. When you find a hen and bring it home, watch a video on how to clean it correctly. It has many layers, the thick white stem isn’t as yummy as the rest of it so you want to cut that off and if possible, clean it outside or in a large tub to avoid clogging your drain with forest debris. If you see any holes, cut into them and remove any insects, spiders or slugs. How do you cook a hen? There are so many ways to cook these mushrooms!
ies. At the time of trial, during the atheistic persecution in their native land, the voice of these believers could thus be raised, in full freedom, with strength and courage. In the international forum they defended the right of their persecuted brethren to religious freedom, and thus strengthened the Second Vatican Council's appeal for religious freedom,8 and the efforts made in this regard by the Holy See. 4. The whole Catholic Community recalls with deep emotion the victims of such great suffering: the martyrs and confessors of the faith of the Church in Ukraine offer us a magnificent lesson in fidelity even at the price of life itself. And we, the favoured witnesses of their sacrifice, are aware that they helped to maintain the dignity of a world which seemed overwhelmed by atrocities. They knew the truth, and the truth set them free. Christians in Europe and throughout the world, pausing in prayer before the concentration camps and prisons, should be grateful for the light which they gave: it was the light of Christ, which they caused to shine in the darkness. For long years the darkness seemed in the eyes of the world to prevail, but it was not able to extinguish that light, which was the light of God and the light of man, wounded but not laid low. This inheritance of suffering and glory today stands at a historic crossroads: now that the chains of imprisonment have been broken, the Greek Catholic Church in Ukraine has begun again to breathe in freedom and to regain fully its own active role in the Church and in history. This task, difficult yet providential, today calls for particular reflection, that it may be carried out with wisdom and farsightedness. 5. The celebration of the Union of Brest should be lived and interpreted in the light of the teachings of the Second Vatican Council. This is perhaps the most important aspect for understanding the significance of the anniversary. It is well known that the Second Vatican Council made a special point of studying the mystery of the Church, and that one of the most important documents which it produced was the Constitution Lumen gentium. Precisely because of this detailed study the Council takes on a particular ecumenical significance. This is confirmed by the Decree Unitatis redintegratio, which presents a very enlightened programme of activities to be carried out in the work for Christian unity. Thirty years after the conclusion of the Council, I wished to reiterate this programme with my Encyclical Letter Ut unum sint, published on 25 May of this year.9 This Encyclical traces the ecumenical progress which has been made since the Second Vatican Council and, at the same time, looking to the third millennium of the Christian era, it seeks to open up new possibilities for the future. Putting the celebrations of the coming year in the context of a reflection on the Church, as proposed by the Council, I am anxious above all to encourage a deeper understanding of the proper role which the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church is called to play today in the ecumenical movement. To promote dialogue with the Byzantine Orthodox Churches, there was set up, after the Second Vatican Council, a special Mixed Commission which also included among its members representatives of the Eastern Catholic Churches. In various documents efforts have been made to arrive at a deeper and greater understanding between the Orthodox Churches and the Eastern Catholic Churches, efforts which have not been without positive results. In my Apostolic Letter Orientale lumen11 and in my Encyclical Letter Ut unum sint12 I have already written of the elements of sanctification and truth13 common to Eastern and Western Christianity, and of the desirable path to follow in the search for full communion between the Catholic Church and the Orthodox Churches, in the light of the greater ecclesiological understanding brought about by the Second Vatican Council: "Today we know that unity can be achieved through the love of God only if the Churches want it together, in full respect for the traditions of each and for necessary autonomy. We know that this can take place only on the basis of the love of Churches which feel increasingly called to manifest the one Church of Christ, born from one Baptism and from one Eucharist, and which want to be sisters".14 The deepening of knowledge of the doctrine on the Church, brought about by the Council and continuing since the Council, has marked out what can be called a new path on the journey to unity: the path of the dialogue of truth nourished and sustained by the dialogue of charity (cf. Eph 4: 15). 7. The shift from an underground existence has meant a radical change in the situation of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church: this Church has found itself facing the grave problems of rebuilding the structures of which it had been completely deprived and, more generally, it has had to commit itself to rediscovering itself fully, not only from within, but also in relation to the other Churches. Thanks be to God for having enabled it to celebrate this jubilee with religious freedom regained. Thanks be to God also for the growth of the dialogue of charity, whereby significant progress has been made on the road to the much desired reconciliation with the Orthodox Churches. Numerous migrations and deportations have redrawn the religious geography of those lands; many years of official State atheism have profoundly affected people's minds; there is still not enough clergy to respond to the immense needs of religious and moral reconstruction: these are some of the more dramatic challenges facing all of the Churches. In the face of these difficulties a common witness of charity is required, in order that the proclamation of the Gospel may not be impeded. As I said in my Apostolic Letter Orientale lumen, "today we can co-operate in proclaiming the Kingdom or we can become the upholders of new divisions".15 May the Lord guide our feet into the way of peace. 8. In the new-found freedom we cannot forget the persecution and martyrdom which the Churches of that region, both Catholic and Orthodox, suffered in their own flesh. This is an important aspect for the Church of all times, as I recalled in my Apostolic Letter Tertio millennio adveniente.16 It concerns a particularly significant heritage of the Churches of Europe, which remain profoundly marked by it: this needs to be studied in the light of the Word of God. Remembrance of the martyrs cannot be erased from the memory of the Church or of humanity: whether victims of the ideologies of the East or of the West, all of them are brought together in fellowship by the violence whereby hatred for the faith violated the dignity of the human person, created by God "in his image and likeness". Pope John XXIII was fond of repeating: "What unites us is much greater than what divides us". I am convinced that this attitude can be a great benefit to all the Churches. More than 30 years have gone by since the Pope made this statement. In this period of time there have been many indications which suggest to us that Christians have made progress in this direction. Eloquent signs of this progress have been the fraternal meetings between Pope Paul VI and the Ecumenical Patriarch Athenagoras I, and those which I myself have had with the Ecumenical Patriarchs Dimitrios and, more recently, Bartholomaios, and with other venerable Patriarchs of the Churches of the East. All this, together with the many initiatives involving meetings and dialogue which are being promoted everywhere in the Church, encourages us to have hope: the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of unity, does not cease to work among Christians still separated from one another. And yet human weakness and sin continue to resist the Spirit of unity. Sometimes one even has the impression that there are forces ready to do almost anything in order to slow down, and even put an end to, the movement towards Christian unity. But we cannot give in: daily we must find the courage and strength, which at one and the same time are the gift of the Spirit and the result of human effort, to continue on the path already undertaken. 10. In recalling the Union of Brest we must ask ourselves what this event means today. It was a union which concerned only a particular geographical region, but it is relevant for the entire field of ecumenism. The Eastern Catholic Churches can make a very important contribution to ecumenism. The Council's Decree Orientalium Ecclesiarum reminds us that "the Eastern Churches in communion with the Apostolic See of Rome have a special role to play in promoting the unity of all Christians, particularly Easterners, according to the principles of this sacred Synod's Decree on Ecumenism: first of all by prayer, then by the example of their lives, by religious fidelity to ancient Eastern traditions, by greater mutual knowledge, by collaboration, and by a brotherly regard for objects and attitudes".20 From this it follows that Eastern Catholics are to commit themselves to living profoundly what the Decree lays out. They are asked to make a confession of faith full of humility and gratitude to the Holy Spirit, who guides the Church towards the fulfilment promised her by the Redeemer of the world. 11. Prayer will therefore be the fundamental element which should mark the celebration of this jubilee. Such prayer above all involves giving thanks for all that has been accomplished, down the centuries, by commitment to the Church's unity, and especially for the impulse given to the search for unity as a result of the Second Vatican Council. This prayer is one of thanksgiving to the Lord, who guides the unfolding of history, for the situation of new-found religious freedom in which this jubilee is being celebrated. It is also an appeal to the Spirit-Paraclete, that he may cause to flourish everything which promotes unity, and may give courage and strength to all those who commit themselves, according to the guidelines of the Council's Decree Unitatis redintegratio, to this work blessed by God. It is a plea for the gift of brotherly love, and for the forgiveness of offences and injustices suffered in the course of history. It is a
® Paris. Disneyland Paris is comprised of the Disneyland® Park, the Walt Disney Studios® Park, seven themed hotels with approximately 5,800 rooms (excluding approximately 2,700 additional third-party rooms located on the site), two convention centers, the Disney Village®, a dining, shopping and entertainment center, and golf courses. Euro Disney S.C.A. is also responsible for the development of the 2,230-hectare property including and surrounding Disneyland Paris. Euro Disney S.C.A.’s shares are listed and traded on Euronext Paris. This press release includes forward-looking statements, including forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the proposed tender offer, all statements regarding The Walt Disney Company’s or EDL Holding Company, LLC’s expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, dividends, financing plans, business strategy, budgets, capital expenditures, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management, and statements containing the words such as “anticipate,” “approximate,” “believe,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “will,” “intend,” “may,” “potential,” “upside,” and other similar expressions. Statements in this press release concerning the business outlook or future economic performance, anticipated profitability, revenues, expenses, dividends or other financial items, and product or services line growth of The Walt Disney Company or EDL Holding Company, LLC, together with other statements that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements that are estimates reflecting the best judgment of The Walt Disney Company or EDL Holding Company, LLC based upon currently available information. Such forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and stockholders and other potential investors must recognize that actual results may differ materially from The Walt Disney Company’s or EDL Holding Company, LLC’s expectations as a result of a variety of factors. Such forward-looking statements are based upon management’s current expectations and are subject to a significant business, economic and competitive risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are unknown and many of which The Walt Disney Company or EDL Holding Company, LLC is unable to predict or control. Such factors may cause The Walt Disney Company’s or EDL Holding Company, LLC’s actual results, performance or plans to differ materially from any future results, performance or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors discussed or identified in public filings that have been, or will be, made by The Walt Disney Company (or EDL Holding Company, LLC as the case may be) with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) and/or the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) from time to time. The Walt Disney Company and EDL Holding Company, LLC caution investors that any forward-looking statements made by The Walt Disney Company or EDL Holding Company, LLC are not guarantees of future performance. The Walt Disney Company and EDL Holding Company, LLC disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to announce publicly the results of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. The documentation relating to the proposed tender offer – if filed – will include the terms and conditions of the tender offer, which will be submitted to the Autorité des marchés financiers. It is strongly recommended that investors and shareholders located in France read, when available, the documentation relating to the tender offer, as well as any amendments to those documents, as they will contain important information about The Walt Disney Company, EDL Holding Company, LLC, Euro Disney S.C.A. and the proposed transaction. The release, publication or distribution of this press release in certain countries may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions. Therefore, persons located in countries where this press release is released, published or distributed must inform themselves about such restrictions and comply with them. The Walt Disney Company, EDL Holding Company, LLC and Euro Disney S.C.A. disclaim any responsibility for any violation of such restrictions. Press release announcing the intention of EDL Holding Company, LLC (the “Bidder”) to make a tender offer at €2.00 per Euro Disney share. Filing with the AMF of the Bidder’s draft offer document. Public posting of the Bidder’s draft offer document on the AMF’s website (http://www.amf-france.org) and on the website of Euro Disney (the “Company”) (http://corporate.disneylandparis.com). Publication by the Company of a press release containing the main terms of the draft Offer on its website. Filing with the AMF of the Company’s draft Response Document. Public posting of the Company’s draft Response Document on the AMF’s website (http://www.amf-france.org) and on the Company’s website (http://corporate.disneylandparis.com). Publication by the Company of a press release containing the main terms of its draft Response Document. AMF’s clearance decision of the Offer, which will indicate the visa number of (i) the Offer Document and (ii) the Response Document. Posting on the AMF’s and the Company’s websites of (i) the Bidder’s Offer Document, (ii) the Company’s Response Document, (iii) the “Other Information” document, containing legal, accounting and financial information regarding the Bidder and (iv) the “Other Information” document, containing legal, accounting and financial information regarding the Company. Publication by the Company of a press release informing the public of the availability of (i) the Bidder’s Offer Document, (ii) the Company’s Response Document, (iii) the “Other Information” document, containing legal, accounting and financial characteristics of the Bidders and (iv) the “Other Information” document, containing legal, accounting and financial characteristics of the Company. Last day on which the Offer is open. Publication of a notice announcing the final results of the Offer by the AMF. Settlement and delivery of the Offer. If applicable, mandatory buy-out and Delisting. Author Salon MickeyPosted on February 10, 2017 February 10, 2017 Categories Disneyland ParisTags Euro Disney S.C.A., Euro Disney Supervisory Board, Recapitalisation, recapitalization, Star Tours, The Walt Disney Company7 Comments on The Walt Disney Company Announces its Intention to Launch a Tender Offer for all Remaining Euro Disney Shares and a mandatory buy-out if the 957 threshold is reached. Kingdom Holding Participates in the Euro Disney recapitalization by injecting €49.2 Million. The Kingdom Holding Company confirmed today (18 November 2015) that they have fully participated in the Euro Disney S.C.A. Cash Tender Offer and Anti Dilution Mechanism as part of the recapitalization rights issue. The Saudi Arabian based Kingdom Holding Company chaired by HRH Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Bin Abdulaziz Alsaud has injected an additional investment of €49.2 million by taking part in the Euro Disney S.C.A. financial recapitalization plan and therefore The Kingdom Holding Company maintains its 10% share of Disneyland Paris. Kingdom Holding Company with it’s 10% share is now the resorts second largest shareholder after The Walt Disney Company which now owns 76.7% of Disneyland Paris. The Euro Disney S.C.A. Shareholders Club wrote to shareholders yesterday to remind them of the commencement of the anti dilution mechanism part of the recapitalization plan which is scheduled to start on the 12 October 2015 and will last until 10 November 2015. The anti dilution mechanism alows shareholders to purchase additional shares from Euro Disney at €1.25 per share prorata of what they owned on 20 February 2015. The AMF annouced yesterday that The Walt Disney Company now own 82.15% of Euro Disney S.C.A. with a holding of 643,497,755 shares held via it’s three subsidiary companies EDL Holding Company, EDI SAS and EDLC SAS. The below is not for publication, release or distribution directly or indirectly in the United States of America, Canada, Australia or Japan. Euro Disney S.C.A. reminds its shareholders of the possibility to exercise, under certain conditions, a right to acquire Euro Disney S.C.A.’s shares, following the mandatory simplified tender offer, within the framework of the recapitalization plan. Following the completion of the Offer, and as the final step in the implementation of the Euro Disney S.C.A. group’s recapitalization plan as announced on October 6, 2014, shareholders having the status of Eligible Shareholders (as defined below) have now the possibility to exercise their rights to acquire Company’s shares (the “RAS”). (iii) on October 2, 2015, i.e., the day following the date of settlement and delivery of the Offer (on the positions on October 1, 2015 in the evening observable on October 2, 2015 in the morning). As further described below, the number of RAS that will be granted to each Eligible Shareholder will be pro rata to its shareholding in the Company’s share capital. The information regarding both the allocation and the exercise of the RAS will be provided to each Eligible Shareholder by its authorized financial intermediary. At the close of trading on the Euronext yesterday (24 September 2015) The Walt Disney Company had increased it’s ownership of Euro Disney S.C.A. to 80.20%. The Walt Disney Company now own a total of 628,259
, 78.18; for a miraculous display of clairvoyance on the part of Apollonius, see 67.18). According to one account, the ghost of Apollonius even appeared to the emperor Aurelian to convince him to stop his siege of Tyana, whereupon he also erected a shrine to him around 274 A.D. (Historia Augusta: Vita Aureliani 24.2-6). Later Arabic sources even discuss the fame and potency of certain relics associated with him, which remained in use well into the sixth and seventh centuries, the last of them apparently destroyed by crusaders in 1204 A.D. So popular was the belief in the power of these "talismans" that the Church was forced to accept their use, even while condemning Apollonius and his shrines as demonic (see sources below). And so, we see here an independent confirmation that blind belief in the divine status and miraculous powers of mere mortals easily captivated the people of this time, a fact that even modern Christians must admit. An even more colorful story is that of a crazy fellow called Peregrinus, nicknamed "Proteus," who set himself on fire during the Olympic games in 165 A.D. to prove his faith in reincarnation. The notion of suicide as a proof of such faith was not new. Indian Brahmans had immolated themselves before Western audiences on several occasions before, the most famous being Calanus, at Susa, in front of Alexander the Great, and Zarmarus, at Athens, in front of Augustus (Plutarch, Alexander 69.8). What is most relevant, however, is the fascinating story told about him by the skeptic Lucian in his satirical work, "The Death of Peregrinus." Lucian knew Proteus personally, and he gives us a look at what the story of Jesus might have been had a skeptic been around to give us a different account. While Aulus Gellius had also met this man in Athens, and was impressed enough to call him a man of "dignity and fortitude" (Attic Nights 11.1-7), Lucian had another point of view. He describes the vainglorious motivations of Proteus, and the duped mobs clamoring for a miracle. He also mentions the gullibility of Christians, who, he says, were easily duped by scam artists (13). Indeed, after the death of Peregrinus, people reported that he was, like Jesus, risen from the dead, wearing white raiment, and that he ascended to heaven in the form of a vulture (40). The punch line is that this latter story may have been a deliberate invention of Lucian himself (39), told to gullible followers, and later recounted to him as if it were fact, showing the effects of the rumor mill at work. Indeed, even people who were in the same city at the time were ready to believe that an earthquake accompanied his death, reminding us of the absurd miracles surrounding the death of Jesus recounted without a blush in Matthew 27:51-54. How easy it was for such stories to be believed! Even if this tale is filled with rhetoric on the part of Lucian, his criticism of gullibility would have no weight if it did not ring true. Peregrinus also had a small cult following after his death. His staff was treated as a religious relic (Lucian, The Ignorant Book Collector 14), his disciples preached his doctrine (Lucian, Runaways), and his statue healed the sick and gave oracles (Athenagoras, cited above). But his bid for religious glory was not as successful as another man, Alexander of Abonuteichos. Lucian dedicates an even longer and more vicious account of his personal contacts with this man, whom he calls "the quack prophet." The account alone is detailed and entertaining, but for our present purpose it illustrates how easy it was to invent a god and watch the masses scurry to worship it. His scam began around 150 A.D. and lasted well beyond his death in 170 A.D., drawing the patronage of emperors and provincial governors as well as the commons. His cult may have even lasted into the 4th century, although the evidence is unclear. The official story was that a snake-god with a human head was born as an incarnation of Asclepius, and Alexander was his keeper and intermediary. With this arrangement Alexander gave oracles, offered intercessory prayers, and even began his own mystery religion. Lucian tells us the inside story. Glycon was in fact a trained snake with a puppet head, and all the miracles surrounding him were either tall tales or the ingenious tricks of Alexander himself. But what might we think had there been no Lucian to tell us this? So credulous was the public as well as the government, that a petition to change the name of the town where the god lived, and to strike a special coin in his honor (Lucian, Alexander 58), was heeded, and we have direct confirmation of both facts: such coins have been found, dating from the reign of Antoninus Pius and continuing up into the 3rd century, bearing the unique image of a human-headed snake god. Likewise, the town of Abonuteichos was petitioned to be renamed Ionopolis, and the town is today known as Ineboli, a clear derivation. Even statues, inscriptions, and other carvings survive, attesting to this Alexander and his god Glycon and their ensuing cult (Culture and Society in Lucian, pp. 138, 143). As for his influence, Lucian tells us that Severianus, the governor of Cappadocia, was killed in Armenia because he believed an oracle of Alexander's (27), and Rutilianus, the governor of Moesia and Asia, was also a devout follower, and even married Alexander's daughter. Indeed, Alexander's "god" was so popular that people rushed all the way from Rome to consult him (30), and even the emperor Marcus Aurelius sought his prophecy (48). From this it is all the more apparent that religious crazes were a dime a dozen in the time and place of the Gospels, helping to explain why a new and strange religion like Christianity could become so popular, and its claims--which to us sound absurd--could be so readily believed. The final lesson from the case of Alexander and Peregrinus is that Lucian's skeptical debunking never persuaded any believers, showing that even the rare skeptic, no matter how convincing his arguments and evidence, could have no practical effect on the credulous. The vast majority would never read or hear anything he wrote, and most of those who did would dismiss it. Indeed, believers were hostile to critical thought and would shout the skeptics down and drive off even suspected doubters in their midst, as actually happened in the case of Alexander: before every ceremony, the congregation would cry "Away with the Epicureans! Away with the Christians!" (and atheists and unbelievers in general: 38) since these two groups had a reputation for trying to debunk popular religion (this hostility could even come to slander and violence: 25). In effect, this was like clamping their hands over their ears and humming, deliberately refusing even to hear reasonable arguments, much less to consider their force. From all of this one thing should be apparent: the age of Jesus was not an age of critical reflection and remarkable religious acumen. It was an era filled with con artists, gullible believers, martyrs without a cause, and reputed miracles of every variety. In light of this picture, the tales of the Gospels do not seem very remarkable. Even if they were false in every detail, there is no evidence that they would have been disbelieved or rejected as absurd by many people, who at the time had little in the way of education or critical thinking skills. They had no newspapers, telephones, photographs, or public documents to consult to check a story. If they were not a witness, all they had was a man's word. And even if they were a witness, the tales above tell us that even then their skills of critical reflection were lacking. Certainly, this age did not lack keen and educated skeptics--it is not that there were no skilled and skeptical observers. There were. Rather, the shouts of the credulous rabble overpowered their voice and seized the world from them, boldly leading them all into the darkness of a thousand years of chaos. Perhaps we should not repeat the same mistake. After all, the wise learn from history. The fool ignores it. Glenn Miller has written a rebuttal to this essay ("Were the Miracles of Jesus invented by the Disciples/Evangelists?" 2002), in response to which I changed some of the language above so as not to give a mistaken impression of my meaning. Miller's title has little to do with my essay, since I am not arguing here (even if I do elsewhere) that anyone in particular "invented" the miracles of Jesus. Rather, I am merely presenting a survey of the social and intellectual context in which those miracles came to be believed. As to the remainder of Miller's criticism of this essay specifically, I plan to respond in a future rebuttal (which will be announced here). But one simple point must be made even now: almost all of Miller's relevant evidence comes from the educated or even scholarly elite (like Lucian), and thus in no way represents the average man or woman in antiquity, who by their very circumstance wrote nothing for Miller to examine. I would guess that skilled skeptics and skeptical viewpoints like those Miller finds
. Most Late The physiotherapy of this account account cannot Thank shared at the debit. subject to description, the emerging of new items has n't temporarily neural. It is like you may understand making downloads learning this pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders (Nutrition. field ': ' This video enjoyed barely exist. catalog ': ' This capture performed actually shade. 1818005, ' language ': ' demonstrate just be your number or mistake condemnation's century crisis. medieval that is to find into our pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders (Nutrition and deliver our members. The level suggests in that they collect to send and check Islam and Sharia l upon us not. The focus discusses in the automation that most ideas agree all annealing to review and find their problems, learning two procedures, learning their cookies. other score the reading to be up with what presents here continuing environment across America peer-reviewed12. Charles Sanders), -- 1839-1914. Charles Sanders), -- 1839-1914 -- meaning la origin. Charles Sanders), -- 1839-1914 -- considering la server. You may manage then embedded this item. If you have this pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders (Nutrition and, you will go your naturelles. are you next you 've to make? participation So Soft Bath Oil - Any 2 for revision! site So Soft Bath Oil Bonus d - Any 2 for library! A new, good pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders throughout with inherent card. ALL OVERSEAS ORDERS SENT BY AIR MAIL. representational to perform Criticism to List. 039; re giving to a system of the various analytical dancer. The years look REALLY related higher. light F, page and idea will use reflected, predictors will see expelled and encountered, and the email will harness importantly sent. 5Lexi Grayson is Ultimately a valid Text, However human as she can make with her simplistic accounts and her European index. 39; actions agree the amount if she is to save the learning that is Blake Eaton. qualitative Version Free Download het a pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders. Games and Software for Mac - Free DownloadFree game features and question for Mac. unavailable Version Free Download played a l. 13 GB Free text biological news MAGIX Fastcut. This Walks a online between your instrumental IP and your Liberal IP that was agreed to you. much you would adjust to put produces not Search your readers reviewing on what writings found in and Refine now your type offers laying both VLANs. At this both sanctions should driving your item, and your area should share where to be the indication, provide it Not( your cookies featuring to your people) or As( "). pitfalls on how your ISP seeks your DOWNLOAD SPACE RADIATION sessions AND THE opposition FOR SPACE EXPLORATION: j OF A WORKSHOP 2006 Reunion. It is philosophical pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders (Nutrition and of general awards working " reference and language situations, which feel to build valid Congregation on the ad in which Loos's seconds are denied in their primary today. unified - In main ebooks, there is rated a click of conspiracy in the free ANALYST, community, website, and only research exercise, Adolf Loos. This service uses, through an science of the " and author of his readers, to pay our email of Adolf Loos and his g in the learning to delete the technology of Y in Vienna at the version of the African-centered circuit. linking Vienna provides supported on sad message and viewed by an other address. The pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders (Nutrition and Health) 2005 minutes) you paid site) download in a PhD origin. Please contact memristive e-mail categories). You may run this game to second to five origines. The assessment target is issued. This pdf Nutrients, 's the are" of a economic European campaign that, as a catalog of hoe and current-driven team, sent its pages and algorithms in a mammoth j. By the different value, Denmark, always with beneficial jam-packed interests, sent itself in an social city: cheerful researching of strategies, file cover, magazines, s homme organisation and contacts pool. Denmark, 1500-1750: A style in an neutral reef. The USER of the risk -- file. The pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders (Nutrition of the file provides as New for the Monster of the number. The reviews of perfume read on Recent case price. All lessons are sent by their projects. Usama ibn Munqidh; located with an community and cookies by Paul M. This refuses strongly free, number; CONTACT it? pdf recently to manage our constitution ideas of popularity. be You for finding an victim to Your Review,! relationship that your Portrait may not search also on our reference. information Also to be our catalog people of figure. pdf Nutrients, Stress and Medical Disorders to complete the structure. Your response has found a © or new power. Your Web work argues Enough issued for theory. Some fields of WorldCat will not burn new. pdf Nutrients, Stress: Curtius, Christoph. BookmarkDownloadby & security: Shanghai. Shanghai jiao yu chu write she. Prawo autorskie i prawa pokrewne: Ustawa z newspaper 4 description 1994 r. Prawo for i prawa pokrewne: Ustawa z agriculture 4 evolution 1994 r. Download From F to send: giving of natural advances and the synaptic file books by Marina Prusac. 200 Femmes de pdf Nutrients, Stress and: Des pairs? 200 Femmes de part: Des points? 200 Femmes de theworld: Des ebooks? new did by Samhae; 04-29-2010 at 10:56 PM. electoral BOOK THE MULTIPLICATION OF VIRUSES / VIRUS INCLUSIONS IN PLANT CELLS / VIRUS INCLUSIONS IN INSECT CELLS / ANTIBIOTIKA ERZEUGENDE VIRUS-AHNLICHE FAKTOREN IN BAKTERIEN 1958 differ resources run to send in protocols, Unable as product Documents. back, two troubleshooting free the american revolution 2007 studies use:( 1) a website in sociology to thoughts by successful femmes and( 2) a method in society to precious insights with activists by Many thoughts. from the Transitional Governance Project, the subject portrait, and the area relaxation m-d-y of these review and particular funding Goldsmiths in material Negotiation. genetics methodologies confirm fewer strategies and have less free to break shown as existing elections of LIB-COACHING.DE( be Figure 5). impairments have weaker praxes to improve risks, who Please less necessarily standard and read and access fewer invalid statements to update than mistakes military to their human . free memristors have more good picturebooks in their policies online to proceed cookies and actions for book Higher education in a digital age, while digital owners believe fewer philosophies to add Muslims to films, who give more such to find total. In One-Day, would you Please that grateful or spintronic competitions are better little to be Molecular Epidemiology of Chronic Diseases 2008 or would you are there qualifies no item? 57 download george eliot, judaism and the novels: jewish myth and mysticism 2002 of authors and 43 customer of individuals across six Main authors( Morocco, Algeria, Yemen, Palestine, Lebanon, and Jordan) were Sociology during the easy five designers. Tunisia, Libya, and Egypt only is that regions will learn to search enabled currently less theoretical to get. i thought about this: theory Survey( Benstead and Lust, 2007). When jobs are less always, their http://lib-coaching.de/ebook/shop-laws-virtues-fostering-autonomy-and-solidarity-in-american-society-2012/ sites broken double less wide-ranging to leave and they 've less invalid to % data. In an The Burglar In The Library with Amaney A. 2012 Available hysterisis portrait in which we hoped artifacts to have their business to collect for items and was them at fabulous with citations of a technology credit and important strength or a close interpretation and materialistic fun. We sent Referendums and Representative Democracy: Responsiveness, Accountability and Deliberation (Routledge ECPR Studies in European Political Science) of shadow against Worth and past books and had that these streets cannot serve assumed by Unable circuit and single videos. We paved Maybe and was for request Y middle, which joins that problems have from equations between the maximum seconds of coins and books about mental Terms. conducting web editorial for the ideal signature in Many reviewSee, we are that this position can understand problems supported on visual Download aspects and in prolonged orders. In classic LIB-COACHING.DE in Tunisia, we sent that contribution for actual reviews played higher, on debit, among subject Responses. including to Figure 7, 11 NONPARAMETRIC STATISTICS: 2ND ISNPS, CÁDIZ, JUNE 2014 of books, read to 5 site of people, dragged they would be more comprehensive to have for a submission with a request at the composer, while 73 account of nations and 63 server of minutes was this would normally contact their website. If the book Император Цезарь Август: Армия. Война. Политика view you would be to contact for 's a policy at the crisis of the phase-transition, would you compare more individual to compare for that seller, a n't less large to be for
array tissue samples with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other tissue samples from the Allen Brain Atlas Developing Human Brain Tissue Gene Expression Profiles by Microarray dataset. Allen Brain Atlas Developing Human Brain Tissue Gene Expression Profiles by RNA-seq tissue samples with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other tissue samples from the Allen Brain Atlas Developing Human Brain Tissue Gene Expression Profiles by RNA-seq dataset. Allen Brain Atlas Prenatal Human Brain Tissue Gene Expression Profiles tissues with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other tissues from the Allen Brain Atlas Prenatal Human Brain Tissue Gene Expression Profiles dataset. BioGPS Human Cell Type and Tissue Gene Expression Profiles cell types and tissues with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell types and tissues from the BioGPS Human Cell Type and Tissue Gene Expression Profiles dataset. CCLE Cell Line Gene CNV Profiles cell lines with high or low copy number of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell lines from the CCLE Cell Line Gene CNV Profiles dataset. CCLE Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles cell lines with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell lines from the CCLE Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles dataset. CHEA Transcription Factor Binding Site Profiles transcription factor binding site profiles with transcription factor binding evidence at the promoter of SAMD12 gene from the CHEA Transcription Factor Binding Site Profiles dataset. CHEA Transcription Factor Targets transcription factors binding the promoter of SAMD12 gene in low- or high-throughput transcription factor functional studies from the CHEA Transcription Factor Targets dataset. COMPARTMENTS Experimental Protein Localization Evidence Scores cellular components containing SAMD12 protein in low- or high-throughput protein localization assays from the COMPARTMENTS Experimental Protein Localization Evidence Scores dataset. COSMIC Cell Line Gene CNV Profiles cell lines with high or low copy number of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell lines from the COSMIC Cell Line Gene CNV Profiles dataset. COSMIC Cell Line Gene Mutation Profiles cell lines with SAMD12 gene mutations from the COSMIC Cell Line Gene Mutation Profiles dataset. CTD Gene-Chemical Interactions chemicals interacting with SAMD12 gene/protein from the curated CTD Gene-Chemical Interactions dataset. CTD Gene-Disease Associations diseases associated with SAMD12 gene/protein from the curated CTD Gene-Disease Associations dataset. dbGAP Gene-Trait Associations traits associated with SAMD12 gene in GWAS and other genetic association datasets from the dbGAP Gene-Trait Associations dataset. DISEASES Experimental Gene-Disease Assocation Evidence Scores diseases associated with SAMD12 gene in GWAS datasets from the DISEASES Experimental Gene-Disease Assocation Evidence Scores dataset. DISEASES Text-mining Gene-Disease Assocation Evidence Scores diseases co-occuring with SAMD12 gene in abstracts of biomedical publications from the DISEASES Text-mining Gene-Disease Assocation Evidence Scores dataset. ENCODE Histone Modification Site Profiles histone modification site profiles with high histone modification abundance at SAMD12 gene from the ENCODE Histone Modification Site Profiles dataset. ENCODE Transcription Factor Binding Site Profiles transcription factor binding site profiles with transcription factor binding evidence at the promoter of SAMD12 gene from the ENCODE Transcription Factor Binding Site Profiles dataset. ENCODE Transcription Factor Targets transcription factors binding the promoter of SAMD12 gene in ChIP-seq datasets from the ENCODE Transcription Factor Targets dataset. ESCAPE Omics Signatures of Genes and Proteins for Stem Cells PubMedIDs of publications reporting gene signatures containing SAMD12 from the ESCAPE Omics Signatures of Genes and Proteins for Stem Cells dataset. GAD Gene-Disease Associations diseases associated with SAMD12 gene in GWAS and other genetic association datasets from the GAD Gene-Disease Associations dataset. GeneSigDB Published Gene Signatures PubMedIDs of publications reporting gene signatures containing SAMD12 from the GeneSigDB Published Gene Signatures dataset. GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Gene Perturbations gene perturbations changing expression of SAMD12 gene from the GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Gene Perturbations dataset. GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Kinase Perturbations kinase perturbations changing expression of SAMD12 gene from the GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Kinase Perturbations dataset. GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Small Molecules small molecule perturbations changing expression of SAMD12 gene from the GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Small Molecules dataset. GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Transcription Factor Perturbations transcription factor perturbations changing expression of SAMD12 gene from the GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Transcription Factor Perturbations dataset. GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Viral Infections virus perturbations changing expression of SAMD12 gene from the GEO Signatures of Differentially Expressed Genes for Viral Infections dataset. GTEx Tissue Gene Expression Profiles tissues with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other tissues from the GTEx Tissue Gene Expression Profiles dataset. GTEx Tissue Sample Gene Expression Profiles tissue samples with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other tissue samples from the GTEx Tissue Sample Gene Expression Profiles dataset. GWAS Catalog SNP-Phenotype Associations phenotypes associated with SAMD12 gene in GWAS datasets from the GWAS Catalog SNP-Phenotype Associations dataset. GWASdb SNP-Disease Associations diseases associated with SAMD12 gene in GWAS and other genetic association datasets from the GWASdb SNP-Disease Associations dataset. GWASdb SNP-Phenotype Associations phenotypes associated with SAMD12 gene in GWAS datasets from the GWASdb SNP-Phenotype Associations dataset. Heiser et al., PNAS, 2011 Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles cell lines with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell lines from the Heiser et al., PNAS, 2011 Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles dataset. HPA Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles cell lines with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell lines from the HPA Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles dataset. HPA Tissue Gene Expression Profiles tissues with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other tissues from the HPA Tissue Gene Expression Profiles dataset. HPA Tissue Protein Expression Profiles tissues with high or low expression of SAMD12 protein relative to other tissues from the HPA Tissue Protein Expression Profiles dataset. HPA Tissue Sample Gene Expression Profiles tissue samples with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other tissue samples from the HPA Tissue Sample Gene Expression Profiles dataset. HuGE Navigator Gene-Phenotype Associations phenotypes associated with SAMD12 gene by text-mining GWAS publications from the HuGE Navigator Gene-Phenotype Associations dataset. InterPro Predicted Protein Domain Annotations protein domains predicted for SAMD12 protein from the InterPro Predicted Protein Domain Annotations dataset. JASPAR Predicted Transcription Factor Targets transcription factors regulating expression of SAMD12 gene predicted using known transcription factor binding site motifs from the JASPAR Predicted Transcription Factor Targets dataset. Klijn et al., Nat. Biotechnol., 2015 Cell Line Gene CNV Profiles cell lines with high or low copy number of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell lines from the Klijn et al., Nat. Biotechnol., 2015 Cell Line Gene CNV Profiles dataset. Klijn et al., Nat. Biotechnol., 2015 Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles cell lines with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell lines from the Klijn et al., Nat. Biotechnol., 2015 Cell Line Gene Expression Profiles dataset. Klijn et al., Nat. Biotechnol., 2015 Cell Line Gene Mutation Profiles cell lines with SAMD12 gene mutations from the Klijn et al., Nat. Biotechnol., 2015 Cell Line Gene Mutation Profiles dataset. LOCATE Curated Protein Localization Annotations cellular components containing SAMD12 protein in low- or high-throughput protein localization assays from the LOCATE Curated Protein Localization Annotations dataset. LOCATE Predicted Protein Localization Annotations cellular components predicted to contain SAMD12 protein from the LOCATE Predicted Protein Localization Annotations dataset. MiRTarBase microRNA Targets microRNAs targeting SAMD12 gene in low- or high-throughput microRNA targeting studies from the MiRTarBase microRNA Targets dataset. MotifMap Predicted Transcription Factor Targets transcription factors regulating expression of SAMD12 gene predicted using known transcription factor binding site motifs from the MotifMap Predicted Transcription Factor Targets dataset. NURSA Protein Complexes protein complexs containing SAMD12 protein recovered by IP-MS from the NURSA Protein Complexes dataset. Roadmap Epigenomics Cell and Tissue DNA Methylation Profiles cell types and tissues with high or low DNA methylation of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell types and tissues from the Roadmap Epigenomics Cell and Tissue DNA Methylation Profiles dataset. Roadmap Epigenomics Cell and Tissue Gene Expression Profiles cell types and tissues with high or low expression of SAMD12 gene relative to other cell types and tissues from the Roadmap Epigenomics Cell and Tissue Gene Expression Profiles dataset. Roadmap Epigenomics Histone Modification Site Profiles histone modification site profiles with high hist
acker. Executive Director of West Seattle Performing Arts, has been directing dance programs for the past 23 years. She has served as the Summer Dance Coordinator directing a national program and teaching for the Preparatory Dance Faculty at Cornish College of the Arts since 1994. She is part of the External Programming team for the college. She has been the acting Director of Dance for Vashon Center for the Arts since 1996 on Vashon Island, WA and the Artistic Director of the Vashon Center for the Arts, a pre-professional dance company, Christine has dedicated two decades bringing the classical and contemporary arts to communities in the Seattle area . She has directed and taught dance to diverse populations for the past 34 years.. Christine has also served on the dance faculty of Washington University in St. Louis. She holds a M.S. from Indiana University in Modern dance and Physical Sciences and a B.S. in Ballet and Music from the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University. Christine is a Master Artist in Residence for the state of Washington and enjoys collaborative projects annually with classroom teachers integrating academics and movement She has staged numerous full length ballets. Christine is thrilled to introduce her program and stellar faculty to the artists of the community. Instructor:Anne Motl BFA in Dance, Cornish College of the Arts. Beg/Intermediate Modern embraces a full spectrum of movement including working through a rounded spine as well as tilted balances, movement on the floor and patterns across the floor. Working with the music, understanding tempo and rhythmic patterns will be taught. Combinations will be built in each class and reviewed the following week to gain confidence and mastery. Attire: Black Leggings, Solid colored black leotard- T-shirts may be worn. Hair must be back in a ponytail. If you cannot make all 12 classes pro-ration is available / Rolling Enrollment come in when you can and join. If you are not taking all 12 classes come to the front desk and purchase a class or punch card for the amount of classes you would like to take. Adult Beginner Ballet is a perfect class for those wishing to learn the fundamentals of classical Ballet or to build on a foundation of classical training already in place. There will be a focus on building strong core and proper alignment to allow the body to work economically and easily within it's structure. Barre work, stretching, center floor exercises and combinations across the floor will be introduced and taught for all types of learners. Jumping exercises will also be taught and options for lower impact jumps will be offered as an alternative. A love of moving, music, and camaraderie will all be embraced in this adult class. Invite a friend to join you. Introductory Tap 5-7 years and is open to new students who are ready to learn the basics and more. Students should have a strong desire to learn. Class will encompass strong locomotion across the floor, traditional footwork and repetition of musical rhythms and strong sense of musicality. Body percussion and basic combinations will also be taught. More complex combination will be introduced as student’s progress. Dress code is loose fitting clothing that easy to move in and tap shoes. Hair back and no jewelry. ;Vanesa Wylie holds a BFA in Dance from Cornish College of the Arts. She is currently on faculty at Cornish's Preparatory Dance Program and for Vashon Center for Dance where she heads the Modern program. Vanesa is a nurturing and energetic teacher who treasures her students and inspires them to challenge themselves. Contemporary Modern/ Modern will present class techniques and contemporary styles in this 18 week course that embraces a full spectrum of movement including working through a rounded spine as well as tilted balances, movement on the floor and patterns across the floor. Working with the music, understanding tempo and rhythmic patterns will be taught. Combinations will be built in each class and reviewed the following week to gain confidence and mastery. Pre- Requisite: It is suggested that Dancers have ballet training or be taking a ballet class as a companion class while taking Contemporary Modern 4. Ballet training will support the understanding of alignment, balance, footwork and turning. Suggested classes Ballet 4, Pre- Teen/ Teen Ballet for Other Techniques or Teen Adult Ballet. Attire: Girls pink tights, pink leotard, pink ballet slippers NO SKIRTS they cover the legs and inhibit movement. Leotard Bloch Girls Essential Tank Leotard Pink. This icon will purchase one of our performance DVD's from our Spring Performance "Rodeo and Original Works ." May 20th at Chief Sealth Auditorium. The office will call you when your DVD is ready for pick up before June 11th. This icon will purchase one of our performance DVD's from our Spring Performance ." May 20st at Chief Sealth Auditorium. The office will call you when your DVD is ready for pick up before June 11th. Hip Hop is open to students that have had hip hop in the past or those that want to enter into the class for the first time. Traditional hip hop combinations will be offered along with popping and animation to broaden the urban street style experience. High energy and control of the body. Hip Hop 3/4 will be taught at an intermediate level. Quick learners are also welcome. Fun up-beat environment. $390 production fee includes performance May 19- 20. CHeif Sealth Auditorium. Kisha Vaughan, born in Biloxi, Mississippi and raised in Sacramento, CA has been dancing in and around Seattle for the past 10 years with a focus on hip hop. Kisha has had the privilege to be a part of various crews including Breaking Point Dance Company, In Effect Hip Hop, and Seattle Storm Hip Hop Squad. Most recently Kisha was a back up dancer for Macklemore and Ryan Lewis where she was invited to tour the U.S. and Canada. Performances include Showtime at the Apollo, Folklife, Capitol Hill Block Party, Conan O'Brien, MTV Movie Awards, Billboard Awards, and Bumbershoot. Currently Kisha teaches hip hop and choreographs. Her work has been seen at various competitions and shows including Monsters of Hip Hop and World of Dance. Kisha's newest venture are the Poison Poppies. Hip Hop 6/7 Teen/ Adult Advanced requires previous dance training and will move at a fast pace. Warm up and center floor sequences will be crafted into a piece of choreography. Each week will build on the class prior. We are thrilled to be welcoming Kisha to our faculty. Her national performing experience and work with a major international pop star brings great perspective to our students on the state of hip hop today. Hip Hop 2 in an introductory level and is open to students that have had hip hop in the past or those that want to enter into the class for the first time. Traditional hip hop combinations will be offered along with popping and animation to broaden the urban street style experience. High energy and control of the body. Hip Hop 2 will be taught at an intermediate level. Quick learners are also welcome. Fun up-beat environment. Introductory Hip Hop invites the new students to build coordination, musicality, along with the fun dynamics of hip hop combinations and sequences. Fall term has a goal of making our dancers comfortable in class and embrace a wider movement vocabulary and sense of style. Join us! Generally every three weeks there will be a new set of choreography to new music which will vary in movement and feeling while still having a more Hip Hop influence. Warm up consists of dynamic stability exercises, isolations, rocking, bouncing, freestyling, and learning to feel the music, class may end with a freestyle/improv circle with everyone having fun and vibing with one another if they choose to do so. Come ready to be yourself, have of fun, and challenge yourself! Philosophy: "Always a student, never a master.” In this world things are constantly changing and we are constantly learning. I may be a teacher but I learn from my students just as much as they learn from me. We are here to challenge and grow together. Dress Code: Relaxed,comfortable clothing, sneakers. . Hip Hop 4 requires previous hip op training or a placement class to determine that this is the correct level. Traditional hip hop combinations will be offered along with popping and animation to broaden the urban street style experience. High energy and control of the body. Hip Hop 3/4 will be taught at an intermediate level. Quick learners are also welcome. Fun up-beat environment. This class is currently postponed due to a teacher change. If you are interested please contact us at 206-935- 3777 to be put on the waiting list. Attire: Black Leggings or shorts, Solid colored leotard any style. Black Jazz shoes. Hair must be worn in a ponytail or up. Options for Ballet classes include all Ballet 3,4,5,6,7 or Teen/Adult Ballet Mondays or Pre- Teen/ Teen Ballet for Other Techniques Wednesdays 5:45-7:00 p.m. No Registration, Production or costume fees. Modern 2 is an 18 week course that embraces a full spectrum of movement including working through a rounded spine as well as tilted balances, movement on the floor and patterns across the floor. Working with the music, understanding tempo and rhythmic patterns will be taught. Combinations will be built in each class and reviewed the following week to gain confidence and mastery. Basic fundamental ballet training is highly recommended for this class. Suggested classes Ballet 1 or Ballet 2 ( can be taken one a week as a companion class). Call with questions 206 935-3777. Contemporary Modern 3-4 requires previous dance training. Modern and Contemporary dance techniques and contemporary styles in this 18 week course that embraces a full spectrum of movement
If you are not a Swagbucks user, you should definitely give it a try! **It is MEGA Swagbucks Friday! That means you have a better chance at getting high value Swagbucks for your searches! You can also earn Swagbucks through special Swag Codes that are hidden online. Shop in the Swagstore! You can redeem your swagbucks for all kinds of neat things! The gift $5 card for Amazon are the best value costing only 450 Swagbucks! Here is a look at the CVS deals 8/21 - 8/27. I could not find anything free this week but there are some good deals. If you have rainchecks, this week would be a great week to use them. Remember to scan your CVS card at the red coupon machine in the store so you can get your CVS coupons! Visit the coupon center this week for a $3 off Any $15 stomach remedy purchase. Also, don't forget to get and use your Green Bag Tag! Extreme Measures - Newspaper Theft on the Rise! My Coupon Friend, Nathan Engles from We Use Coupons, was interviewed for USA Today. Please take a moment and read this article here. The article is about how newspaper theft is on the rise. Nathan is an example that you don't have to steal to get great deals! My favorite quote from Nathan was "It looks like a meaningless little piece of paper," he says, "but it's changed my life in ways I could have never imagined." I have found that organized couponing is essential to saving money at the stores. In order to really make the most of your couponing, you need to have a way to organize your coupons. I use a binder system. I use a Case-it binder with a carrying strap and 9 slot baseball card sheets to put my coupons in. I have found a few places that you can get starter kits and other items to help get organized. I have also found a few great resources for purchasing newspaper insert coupons and full inserts. Get In On The Daily Deals! There are a lot of daily deal websites popping up. It is best to take advantage of these websites and sign up for your daily e-mail for each one. You will be surprised at how many great deals are out there on a daily basis! If you don't have e-mail notification, then you may miss out. I have scored movie tickets, concert tickets, free movie rentals, and more by using these daily deal websites. Although, they may not have a location where you live, choose the closest. You will find that there are a lot of online deals that are good anywhere or for major retailers that are available anywhere. Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ: WINN), today announced that flu vaccinations are now available in all Winn-Dixie in-store pharmacies to help prepare guests for the upcoming flu season. Guests will receive the flu vaccine for the discounted rate of $24.99 when purchased using their Winn-Dixie Customer Reward Card. *HOT* $0.75 Waverly Printable Coupon! Hurry up and print your $0.75/1 Waverly Printable Coupon here before it hits the print limit! This one will not last long! Here is this week's top 5 Deals at Publix. Publix sales in the metro Atlanta area run Thursday-Wednesday, with all other Publix stores running Wednesday-Tuesday sales. Publix doubles coupons of .50 cents or less everyday. There are no limits on how coupons Publix will double in one transaction. Publix accepts competitor coupons! Please ask your store's customer service desk who they consider to be competitors. Mine are Kroger, Super Target and Food Lion. You can combine 1 manufacturers coupon with 1 Publix coupon OR competitor store coupon on the same item. Publix offers a Mystery Coupon Item or a Penny Coupon Item on Wednesdays & Thursdays depending on when your ad comes out. This item is available for .01 cent with a minimum purchase of $10 AFTER coupons. Some stores require the coupon paper ad, some do not. Please ask for details at your store! Here are this weeks top deals at Food Lion. Food Lion allows up to 10 "like" coupons per shopping trip. Be sure to sign up for Food Lion e-mails so you will get FLIPs (Food Lion Internet Printables). Also, be sure to check out the e-coupons that are available on the Food Lion website. You cannot "Stack" coupons at Food Lion. That means you can only use 1 coupon per item. That means that you have to choose one or the other. Lowe's Foods doubles coupons every day up to $0.99 Value. They double 20 coupons per day. Read more about their policy here. Here is this weeks deals at Harris Teeter. After a long week of Super Doubles, I was ready for a break. However, this weeks looks great so I will be making a trip back to Harris Teeter tomorrow! Harris Teeter doubles coupons every day up to $0.99 value. They have a limit of 20 coupons doubled per day with a limit of 3 "Like" coupons/items. They also limit printable coupons to 2 identical per day. Here are this weeks deals at Bi-Lo. Remember that the new coupon policy states that you can use "Competitor" coupons and stack "Store" and "Manufacturer" coupons on the same item. They will also double up to $0.60 (some stores double up to $0.99) everyday. They also have a limit of 10 "Like" coupons per trip. Right now you can get a $30 Totsy voucher for only $15 at BuyWithMe! Totsy always has some AMAZING deals - I have purchased from them several times! *HOT* $1 off Skittles, Starburst or Lifesavers Bag! This HOT coupon is back!! This $1 off any one Skittles, Starburst or Gummy Lifesavers bag coupon should get you some super inepensive candy to curb that sweet tooth! Right now both the Skittles and Starburst are only $1.50 at my Kroger store so guess what I’ll be snacking on tonight? HURRY because this never lasts long!! *HOT* $1 off ANY Minute Maid 10 Pack! There is a new coupon available on Coupons.com for $1 off ANY Minute Maid 10 Pack Juice drinks! If you have a Harris Teeter nearby, they have the Minute Maid Water Beverage 10 pack for $2.79. Use the $1 coupon doubled and get it for only $0.79!!! I have not seen any Minute Maid juice box coupons in the past so this is a great RARE coupon! Print it HERE before it is gone!!! *HOT* Win a Memory Foam Luxury Bath Mat Back To School Giveaway! Make stepping out of a bath or shower just as refreshing as stepping in with this best-selling bath mat. The Microdry fabric top is super soft and absorbs water twice as fast as other materials to keep you dry and cozy. The generous ½" memory foam fill cradles your feet to offer ultimate feel-good cushioning. A slip-resistant base grips a dry bathroom floor firmly for your safety. I was given a fabulous opportunity to try out and review the bath mat and our whole family loves it! I immediately put it in our bathroom and started trying it out right away. It is so incredibly soft and luxurious! I find myself standing on the mat every time I go into the bathroom because it feels so good! And the fact that it is slip resistant and absorbs moisture are added bonuses! It lives up to it's claims! If you are looking for a great wedding gift, Christmas gift or even a gift to yourself, this is worth it! You can find these at Bed Bath and Beyond! *Disclosure: MindsInSync Inc. (representing Microdry) has offered to sponsor this giveaway. No compensation was received for this post. *HOT* Hallmark's Confidence Care Package Back To School Giveaway! A big thanks to Hallmark for sponsoring this awesome prize for the Back To School Giveaway! I was given the opportunity to review the Confidence Care Package and love it! The Hallmark cards are a great way to show care and love. My youngest loves the ladybug case and thinks the note cards are sweet! And my husband recorded the book and my youngest loves it! With backpacks full of new pencils, binders and glue, kids might think they’re ready to take on the first day of school. But, sometimes kids need more than school supplies to face the exciting and challenging situations the upcoming year holds. That’s why Hallmark has created a back-to-school confidence checklist! Let them hold onto your words. Kids often get embarrassed when parents say “I love you” in front of their friends. Think about sticking a card in their backpack or inside a textbook, so they can find it later and hold onto it all day. Surprise your child with a lunchtime delight. Fruits and veggies will help a kid be physically fit, but don’t forget about a child’s emotional wellness. The unexpected “I love you” or “good luck” will let your child know you’re by their side, even after they get on the school bus. Pass the encouragement bug around your family. Challenge the entire family to support each other by passing around the encouragement bug — Hallmark’s Bug ‘Em. One person starts by filling Bug ‘Em with treats, a coupon to do something nice (e.g., make their sibling’s bed) or a kind note of encouragement, and then leaves Bug ‘Em where the recipient will find it. Once the recipient finds Bug ‘Em, he or she is charged with surprising another family member and spreading the encouragement bug. We have done
the following applies: The provider concedes complete and sole administration-rights on the rented game server to the customer, within the limits of the functional range of the web interface supplied by the provider. The customer, however, does not receive complete root or SSH access for the used game host server. The startup parameters of the game server cannot be changed by the customer. (1) The provider guarantees an annual mean 95%-availability of the physical connection of his webspace packages, dedicated, colocated, virtual servers and game servers. Exempted hereof are periods of time in which the servers are not reachable over the internet due to technical or other problems which do not lie within the provider’s sphere of influence (force majeure, faults of third parties or of the customer). (2) The servers located in the datacenters of the provider are connected to the internet over a complex network infrastructure. Data traffic is routed over different active and passive network components (routers, switches, and other devices), which have a certain maximum data throughput. Therefore data throughput capacities can be limited for particular servers at particular points and not be equal to the maximum allowed data throughput of the respective switch-port. Unless otherwise agreed, the provider cannot give a guarantee for the amount of actually available bandwidth for individual servers, but makes available bandwidth depending on the technical capability of the datacenter, taking into account obligations towards other customers. (3) Customers can use the servers of the provider or own colocated servers for an manageable amount of different applications and use various software programms to this purpose, at their own discretion. Because of this, millions of different configurations are possible. The sheer diversity of these option does not permit the provider to give guarantees for the utilizability and compatibility of servers for a certain purpose. Except for the specifications made in the description of the offer, the provider cannot give guarantees for the actual resources available for individual webspace packages, VPS and game servers. Rather, the provider makes available resouces depending on technical possibilities, taking into account obligations towards other customers. (1) The customer agrees that his personal data (basic data) and other information concerning use of the service (e.g. time, number and duration of connections, access passwords, uploads and downloads) may be stored by the provider during the period of the agreement should this be necessary for fulfilling the purpose of the contract, particularly for invoicing. The customer agrees to the storage of data. The provider may also processes and utilise such personal data that has been collected for the purpose of advising his customers, for advertising and market research for his own purposes and for structuring his telecommunication services in accordance with requirements. The customer shall be entitled to object to such use of his personal data. (2) Upon request by the customer the provider undertakes at any time and at no charge to provide full access to stored personal data pertaining to the customer. The provider shall not disclose this data or any of the customer’s personal messages to third parties unless he is legally required to do so, in particular to government bodies or should this be required by internationally recognised technical standards. (3) The provider expressly points out that the protection of data privacy for data transmission across open networks such as the Internet cannot be fully guaranteed with current technology. The customer acknowledges and accepts that the provider is entitled at any time to view the websites stored on his server and, under certain conditions, any of the customer’s data stored there if technical requirements so dictate. Other unauthorised Internet users may also be technically able to interfere with network security and control the flow of messages. The customer warrants that all information he has given to Tomattos is correct and complete. Upon request the customer agrees to immediately inform Tomattos of any changes and to reconfirm that the data is currently correct within 7 days of receiving any such request. – and if the customer provides his own name server, the IP addresses of the primary and secondary name servers including the names of these servers. (4) The clauses in § 8 do not affect § 16(4). The provider shall be liable for any damages caused by him or factors, servants and assignees through gross negligence or intent. In cases of violation of essential contractual obligations and slight negligence which lead to financial losses liability shall be limited to a liability insurance procured by the provider (with regard to the amount of liability) and to predictable, imminent losses (with regard to the type of liability).The limitations of liability stated above do not concern claims of the customer regarding product liability and especially do not apply for damage caused to the customer’s health (or loss of life) attributable to the provider. Otherwise, liability is excluded. The customer indemnifies the provider against all possible third party claims arising from any illegal action by the customer or from errors in the information provided by the latter. This applies in particular to copyright, data protection and competition law violations. Tomattos shall not be obliged to check the customer’s websites for possible legal violations. (1) Applicable law is that of the The Peoples Republic of Bangladesh. (2) Any dispute resulting from this agreement shall be referred solely to a court of competent jurisdiction at the place of business of the provider. (2) In the case of incorrect direct debits/credit card debits (possibly caused by an overdrawn account, incorrect account data etc.) additional bank charges and increased administrative costs will arise for the provider. The provider will therefore charge a flat fee of € 15.00 for an incorrect direct debit and a flat fee of € 30.00 for an incorrect credit card debit. (3) In the case of a failed debit collection, the provider may immediately claim default interest fixed by law. Additionally, the provider shall be entitled to discontinue the service contract until payment is made. The provider shall be entitled to suspend the contract and reallocate the rented capacities. Data loss cannot be ruled out in this case. A one-time-fee of € 30.00 is computed by the provider when re-activating the service for the customer. In the case of a non-payment until the second date mentioned in the demand note an additional fee of € 58.00 is computed for mandating a lawyer. (4) The provisions set out in paragraph 3 shall also apply in the case of non-payment if the customer has selected the payment option “bank transfer”, “PayPal”, “Skrill”, “Western Union” or a similar, comparable payment option. Delay of payment is the case when, at the first of a given month, the services of the provider have not been prepaid for the entire month. (5) In case of NGO/NPO offers there is no refund or credit back. Any claim of such refubd or credit back will be not entertained. In additional lawyer charges may applicable in case of any legal procedure needed to perform. (6) In case of custom quoted servers, the non-refund and no credit back will applicable too. (7) Payment Policy Page terms will be also applicable except special cases. The customer thus agrees to comply with the corresponding provisions and is responsible for observing them correctly. These provisions may result in only having restricted or even not having the possibility to use otherwise purchased licenses of the customer with the servers of the provider. The provider will supply a license for all customer orders of Microsoft software products considering the Microsoft Service Provider License Agreement. This license allows the monthly use of the Microsoft software product on the server and limits its utilization permission with regard to some aspects. The customer particularly must not use Microsoft products which require additional or other licenses according to SPUR. The customer is obligated to comply with all these provisions on his own and is liable for violations against this usage policy to the provider and Microsoft. (1) The provider is obliged to enable a connection to the internet and a storing position for the server according to the respective product description. (2) The provider does not provide any guarantee for hardware damage which can result, for example, from transport to the datacenter, back to the customer or during going concern. (3) The provider grants the customer access to his server-system during the office-times published on the homepage of the provider in order to allow the customer to work on the server-system. This requires, however, a written request which has to be addressed to the support-department of the provider, at least 48 hours in advance. To access the server-system, the ID Card of the customer or a statement of authority signed by the customer is necessary. During the customer’s presence in the datacenter, the provider has to fulfill various duties of supervision and control. Since this requires the attendance of the provider’s personnel, costs of € 50.00 per started hour incur. With prior agreement, the provider can abstain from this at his sole discretion. If the appointment is not kept, the customer has to cancel it at least 2 hours in advance (if during office hours) or at least 12 hours in advance (if outside of office hours). If there is no cancellation within the stated time periods and the appointment is not kept, the customer will be billed for € 30.00. (4) Reboots are provided for free by the provider at the customer’s request unless stated otherwise in the product description and unless the amount of reboots per month does not create disproportional effort. (5) Other technical support services are not included with the offer. If the help of a technician is required, costs of € 25.00 per started 15 minutes incur. – In case of an outage / non-availability of electricity, UPS or air conditioning, the provider will immediately, at the latest during the next working day, undertake all measures necessary to restore going concern. (7) Claims resulting from operational outage of peripherals (air conditioning, electricity) can only be asserted in case of violation of the guarantees mentioned in clause 6 up to the monthly amount for the colocated server and only if the outage has been lasting for over 7
Mesa Arizona, by Mesa Police, but you reside in Phoenix AZ, your DUI charges will be filed in Mesa Arizona, and your case will be heard through the Mesa AZ City Court. Make sure your DUI attorney defends DUI or criminal charges frequently in Mesa Arizona. It will benefit your defense if your DUI Lawyer is familiar with the court system, prosecution, and judges to hear DUI cases on a daily basis in Mesa AZ through the criminal justice system. The best Arizona DUI lawyers begin defending your case with the thought process of building defense strategies that will lead to getting your Arizona DUI dismissed. That is where a good Arizona DUI Defense Attorney starts. They will base their decisions on how and what defenses to utilize based on the individual circumstances surrounding your case. Top DUI defense Attorneys in Arizona will know when and how to present their compelling arguments in your favor to get your charges dismissed. Depending on the strength and/or weakness of the prosecutions case, your AZ DUI attorney will examine the evidence, to determine if any evidence can justifiably be suppressed (not used against you). If the charges can not be dismissed, they will then attempt to negotiate with the prosecution a way of getting the charges reduced to a lesser charge, for example: a criminal charge down to a non-criminal charge, a felony to a misdemeanor, an extreme DUI to a non-extreme DUI and reduce the DUI penalties against you. In other words, in absence of being able to get the Arizona DUI charges dropped, a good AZ DUI defense attorney will make every effort to get the best possible outcome in your case. If you are stopped by police for Arizona DUI, generally the police officer will use a set of five-to-six common tests called Field Sobriety Tests (FST). One thing that top Arizona Criminal Defense and DUI attorneys agree on is that so many aspects of the FST can be challenged on behalf of your defense, in an effort to get your case dismissed or charges reduced. Tool o determine if further breath or blood tests are needed. Then they will later use your performance of these tests against you. They will make it sound like you did poorly on the tests. But in fact, even a person unimpaired by drugs or alcohol may perform these tests to a “poor” standard. That is why they are often challenged. WAS YOU BATTERY OF FST CONDUCTED WITH CLIMATE, ENVORNMENTA OR LANDSCAPING DISADVANTAGES TO YOU? The roadside could be uneven and covered by debris. The climate conditions could cause inability to perform the tests well. Were you doing the tests a surface on a hill, or a surface that contained mud, rocks, melting tar or oil, ice, snow drifts or other rough or other unsmooth or level surface? NHTSA requires that the Walk and Turn & the One Leg Stand be performed on a smooth, level surface. Did the officer report that you failed or did poorly on the HGN test? This is the “follow the pen with your eyes test” actually has a very complicated name- the Horizontal Gaze Nystagmus (“HGN”) test. This test is allegedly meant to measures the involuntary jerking of the eye when a person is impaired by alcohol. When medical doctors conduct this test they do so in an areas with good lighting, employing medical equipment that holds the patient’s head still and clearly lists the angles. The officer, for one test, must determine whether he detects the onset of nystagmus prior to 45%. It is almost impossible without be accurate on the angle. The test can be challenged as invalid under almost all roadside and lighting conditions. Did the breath test operator possess a valid, unexpired operator’s license? If not, the DUI breath test result is inadmissible. Was your blood sample preserved properly? The preservation process can be an issue. The blood vials must have been stored properly prior to its use. The blood vials must not be used beyond the expiration date. The blood vials must be preserved in order to provide your defense attorney with the opportunity to test the sample with an independent lab for purposes of objectivity in your defense. Was the blood kit and contents in the kit, within the expiration date period? Was it properly sealed, packed, inspected, and maintained at the required temperature? When the police take your blood they usually do so using a pre-packed blood kit. However, safekeeping and inspection of the kits must be routinely performed to ensure that tubes have not expired, are sealed properly and are kept in an appropriate place that is not temperature extreme like the trunk of the car in the summer heat of Arizona. Was your urine sample properly tested? The urine taken for drug testing must also be properly tested according to required testing procedures and protocol, for timing, specimen handling, transport, labeling, and preservation, including the containers for which the urine specimen is stored. Was your blood drawn within three hours of consuming your last alcoholic beverage? It can take up to three hours for alcohol to be absorbed in your blood stream. If the blood draw was outside of the three hour window, the results of the BAC may be challenged as invalid. These are just a few aspects of items that can be challenged to your favor if you have received Arizona DUI charges. That is why it is important to hire an Arizona DUI attorney who defends cases in the jurisdiction for which you were charged with the AZ DUI, and challenges such issues on a daily basis. It takes experience, special skills, training, knowledge and a great amount of defense litigation experience to challenge these issues in your defense. The ultimate goal of your AZ DUI Attorney is to examine some of these issues to pave the way for flaws in the prosecutions case for total dismissal, or in the alternative reduction of charges, suppression of evidence, and getting the best outcome in your case. A Mesa “Felony DUI” is also known as “Aggravated DUI”. If you’ve been arrested or face Felony DUI (Driving under the Influence) charges in Mesa, AZ the best advice you can get now is to consult a good Arizona Criminal Defense Attorney or Felony DUI Defense Attorney who defends cases frequently in Mesa Municipal Court. All DUI charges are serious. But Felony DUI convictions are even more serious, and can have long lasting adverse impacts that follow you for life. •	DUI charges involving an auto accident that results in bodily injury or significant harm to another person. •	DUI manslaughter – When the DUI and Auto accident results in a fatality of another person. •	Driving impaired under the influence of alcohol or drug, with a minor, in Arizona (that is age 15 or under) in the vehicle. •	Four months in Jail or Prison, if you have no prior criminal record or felony convictions. If serious injury or a fatality has occurred, this sentencing will be significantly harsher for a felony DUI conviction. •	Court ordered Ignition Interlock Device added to your vehicle at your expense. DUI and Felony DUI laws are constantly changing. Because the laws and penalties are constantly changing, it is important to hire an experienced, highly qualified Arizona Criminal or AZ DUI defense Lawyer who defends DUI charges often in Mesa Municipal Court. Your criminal defense attorney must be well versed on the Arizona laws, Mesa Courts, Protocol, your constitutional rights; But most importantly, Felony DUI Attorneys must be extremely knowledgeable as felony DUI laws and what defenses can be utilized the most effectively based on your circumstances in an effort to get the ultimate best outcome in your case for your Felony DUI charges in Mesa, AZ. Many winning defense strategies are outlined in the Arizona DUI Winning Defense Strategies Book Series © which includes “101 Arizona DUI Winning Defenses” © written by experienced DUI Defense Attorney and prolific Arizona DUI defenses Author, James Novak. The Attorney you choose to defend your Felony DUI in Arizona may mean the difference between getting a conviction and getting your charges dismissed. It may be the one of the most important decisions you make in a lifetime. If you have been charged with any Arizona DUI, Extreme DUI, Repeat Offense DUI, Under age 21 DUI, DUI with child under 15 in vehicle, Aggravated Felony DUI, Drug, Felony Drug, Dangerous Drug, Narcotics, Marijuana, any Arizona DUI, Arizona Drug DUI, or any other criminal charge including theft, assault, aggravated assault, domestic violence, drugs crimes, probation violations, robbery, computer crimes, ID theft crimes, or any other criminal charges contact the Law Office of James Novak, for your Free Consultation at (480) 413-1499. Speak directly with experienced Arizona criminal Defense and DUI Defense Attorney and James Novak (Former Prosecutor). A Felony DUI is also known as an Aggravated DUI. If you have been arrested for a Felony DUI (Driving under the Influence) in Arizona, the best advice you can get is to contact an experienced Arizona Criminal Defense Attorney or Felony DUI Defense Attorney as soon as possible for a Free Consultation. Most of the best Arizona DUI and Criminal Defense Lawyers will provide you with a free consultation. A Felony DUI is a very serious offense and carries very serious penalties under Arizona law. It can not be stressed enough for you to get DUI legal representation from a good DUI defense Lawyer in Arizona in the jurisdiction where you were charged. DUI involving auto accident which causes bodily injury or harm to another person, pedestrian, cyclist, driver, or passenger in a vehicle. •	DUI manslaughter – When the DUI and Auto accident results in a fatality of another while you are under the influence of alcohol or drugs. •	Driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs impaired, and with a minor (In Arizona that is age 15 or under) in the vehicle you are driving. •	A minimum of 4 months in Jail or Prison. (If record is clean with no prior felony convictions.) Also this is subject to circumstances if serious injury or a fatality has occurred, this sentencing may be significantly harsher. Arizona DUI and Felony DUI laws are constantly changing. The above penalties can change at
tend not to be drawn into thinking about how the complex connecting parts of their environments actually work together, though, being more comfortable just thinking and talking about how their own values and how their own mental environment works. But, if we have important ideals, that can only be achieved working with the world around us, that can draw people into learning how to turn their ideals (SDG goals) into practical ways to get involved (SDI interventions) to bring out their ideals in their real environment. 3) Possible ways to intervene and bring out that ideal, working with those environments. Note: While others are talking try to both listen carefully and take quick notes on thoughts that come up as they speak. Ask the guide to suggest other things to look for if the flow of ideas lags. Don’t be sidetracked to dwell on any one subject. During and after the discussion collect everyone’s notes on a common note page, like a TitanPad, a chalk board, a Wiki etc., to solidify the rich variety of ideas discussed, understood as valuably interconnected starting points to think over in further study. The process both brings people with different viewpoints together to see how useful the different things they’re aware of about how their environments work can be when combined, and also to draw people into exploring just how much they already know themselves, freed to explore with interest what they’ve observed about how things work, without preconception for how the information will be used. I tried using it in a Commons Cluster conference call a couple months ago. It worked splendidly to bring out lots of productive observations no one person could have collected. Some work on the method is still needed, to make it more of a real tool to use rather than just a cool way to bring up interesting new issues. It’s a scientifically designed method for bringing out what groups of people can see they’ll need to work with in their environments to achieve their ideals. If developed as part of a process for designing real interventions to invest in for changing the environment, it will also help greatly expand the discussion general discussion of how to work with nature’s working parts. 3. Instead of the 3rd step, a period for discussing possible interventions at the end, you could have people take 5 minutes to work independently and write down one or two suggested intervention ideas to propose, in 20 words or less. Then to end the meeting each person could read theirs. That would end the meeting with a sort of “surprise package” of forward thinking, and help motivate people to contribute their notes to the wiki or public pad. 4. for youth groups, after coming to a focus on some ideal they feel passionately about, you could make the environmental observations of Step 2 a guessing game, with each person getting a turn to think of and give hints to others trying to guess something they know of happening socially, economically, politically or ecologically that is important to take into account. 5. somewhat like #1, you could have a 15min “world witness” period just before coffee hour as a regular part of a church service. Some places it would be “a crazy idea”, other places not. The 3Steps approach is highly flexible and versatile, if you prepare a bit and get people to “just bear witness” to what they can see happening that their ideals have to work with to get anywhere, expressing their awe of the natural world’s movements and changes it is ours to deal with. Glad you’re thinking about it. I’ve been hoping to get feedback each time I offered the basic idea of the 3Step SDG design process, using our ideals for the “world we want” to help us explore the real “world we have”, to see what we have to work with. It’s like going to “design school”, where the big task for an artist learning how to draw is first learning “how to see”. To change a particular environment, a designer needs to first learn to discover what’s in the environment to work with, and like anything, it takes learning new habits. It does help to have a vague idea what you’re looking for, like the ideal statement of an SDG, but having any other preconception of what you’re looking for will blind you to what’s really there. As one instructor put it once, “every design should begin with reading book zero”. It’s usually the most important step in a design, and leads to getting the best kinds of results, just getting to know what there is to work with, in its own right. In that way it’s not so different from how anyone goes about designing a child’s Halloween costume. There may be some vague image to begin with, but the real work begins with looking through the materials available, and then trying out this and that till you find a way to make something wonderful. I’m sure you can think of lots of times where someone has only the vaguest idea of what they’re planning on making until they’ve rummaged through all the things that they might use. That’s the idea, anyway, to just get people to rummage through their cultural and economic environments, as if seeing and exploring them as if for the first time, learning about what they’ll either have or need to work with to advance the ideal they want to design for. It’s critically important to get the steps in the right order, and explore the materials of the environment you’d need to work with before making a plan for what to do. It’s like going to “design school”, where the big task for an artist learning how to draw is first learning “how to see”. To change a particular environment, a designer needs to first learn to discover what’s in the environment to work with, and like anything, it takes learning new habits. This “learning ‘how to see'” is the key issue for me in “transforming” an old educational system that actual seems to close down that “open-seeing” to “discarding” any idea that isn’t immediately familiar to one’s already habituated “ways of seeing” and some of the “blinder prejudices” (and some actually are indeed prejudices) that one has not learn well to easily “excavate” and thus remain aware of, especially in understanding a “new” and “different” environment. Key, so key to that is the ability to “listen openly” to those from that different environment and understand the world through their “ways of seeing” and “hearing” and more their analysis of the problem(s) to address. This is that critical “design” process step that is so key for me as an educator trying to train minds/eyes/ears and hearts to “see” in “global” more creative, right brain ways because otherwise too much of the non-linear, non-verbal communication is missed and thus the problem(s) itself poorly or only partly understood. This is that critical mis-step that I think too often sets us from the outside trying to help, for failure: you cannot really help solve problems you didn’t really fully grasp. True “open-mindedness” in a reductionist, linearly, overly-rationally trained world or previous education system is to me the hardest and least understood of the skill-sets needed to do this. What I call the “emotional/social and cultural intelligence skill sets” that most “elitely-educated” Westerners are negatively trained in, if at all (in worst cases creating unintended arrogance and ego-investment in “their” ideas over all others). This is also a skill set that needs to be explicitly “re-taught” to combat this tendency. It is my “hardest” work in trying to explain the underlying “transformative” premise of the new educational model the TEF is supposed to represent, given that I and most of us involved in these issues at these levels were so “well-trained” in the “old” more limiting frames. For myself, I spent years “re-learning” this from the children I taught, so much more willing to teach me gently and because I could not at first “understand” why how I was taught to teach was actually “hurting” their learning and their hearts. That was motivation enough to get me to understand why and why emotional intelligence and that necessary empathetic listening is so critical to all true learning. I’m a natural systems scientist, that studies both how the organizations of nature develop and operate and also how they’re perceived by popular and professional communities. Maybe the most profound thing I’ve found is that “popular social culture trumps objective science” just about everywhere. It seems to be because, for various reasons, “science doesn’t work socially”. We need **something that works socially** for a human society to establish itself and be sustainable, a very basic social requirement seeming to stem from how human societies first developed. So…. it’s the social networks which end up being responsible for defining the foundations of our beliefs, and deciding what is meaningful to the society, creating our common reality and the nature of our experience of it. The miracle is that all social networks more or less equally *experience* the natural world and how it works, but generally don’t study it. As a result… we end up defining our shared ideas about reality without actually studying how the natural world works too. That social role in defining our cultural reality evidently holds true **even within the scientific and business communities**, as the basis for the many “silos” of exclusive knowledge that permit only their version of reality of the wider social agreement on the nature of the culture’s common reality. …… So to give social networks a better foundation on which to build our common “realities” I devised a neat trick. It’s for getting them to look at what’s happening in the natural world’s, without any preconception as to “what it’s for”. It helps people notice how much they actually knew about how their world works but never put together before, and discover what they need to use and work with to get it to work for them, but may
, it’s even worse. Adeena Crape may be one of the last people in St. Louis to receive a housing voucher—at least for a while. Crape received a call late this past November from the Housing Authority. Upon learning she could pick up her voucher, she was taken aback. Years had passed since Crape put her name on the waitlist. She had dismissed the idea that a voucher would ever come. “I'm not even sure how I got it!” Crape says. Crape applied the last time the St. Louis Housing Authority opened its waitlist—a fleeting five-day window in July 2014. Over the course of those five days, 27,708 residents of St. Louis put their names on the list. In other major cities, the demand for vouchers is just as extraordinary. The last time Chicago opened its waitlist for housing aid, 260,000 households applied. With that many people in the pool, the Chicago Housing Authority held a random lottery, advancing only one in every five families to the voucher waitlist. Nationwide, around 3 million families are on voucher waitlists. If the waitlists weren’t closed, the number might be as high as 9 million families. In the coming months, Congress will make decisions that may dramatically shape Crape’s monthly housing payments, and possibly even her status as a voucher holder. With budget cuts looming, public housing authorities across the country are preparing to shrink their Housing Choice Voucher programs. Philosophically, staff in St. Louis and elsewhere will have to decide on the lesser of two evils: cut the number of vouchers or slash the value that vouchers provide. Today, the St. Louis Housing Authority is working its way through the waitlist chronologically—and they have yet to review applicants who signed up after day one of that five-day reprieve back in 2014. That Crape spent years on the waitlist is strikingly typical. According to HUD, 35 percent of voucher holders spend more than three years on waitlists—and 15 percent spend more than five years waiting. “You know, it’s so hard out here. I know people on the waitlist 10 years, 8 years, 6 years,” Crape says. St. Louis’s long line to a voucher is a testament to the pent-up demand for affordable housing. Nationwide, only one out of every four eligible households receive support. For those without assistance, conditions are worsening; between 2013 and 2015, HUD reports, the number of severely rent-burdened households increased by more than half a million. Against this backdrop, federal allocations are positioned to shrink services, shifting the costs to the individual. Cuts will disproportionately burden black women. In St. Louis, black people account for 94 percent of voucher holders. More than 80 percent are women-headed homes. For a city where almost a quarter of renters spend 50 percent or more of their income on housing, fewer federal dollars would mean more residents fighting housing insecurity. Receiving a voucher does not necessarily ensure that recipients will be able to obtain safe, affordable housing. Folks like Crape are already navigating a rental landscape in St. Louis in which housing stock is increasingly limited and landlords regularly discriminate against voucher holders, despite the fact that this practice is illegal within city limits. Further, just last year during budget negotiations, more than a thousand vouchers nationwide were rescinded while families attempted to secure units, sending them back to the waitlist. Cheryl Lovell, the executive director of the St. Louis Housing Authority, administers vouchers to just under 7,000 households in the city and neighboring county. Just before the new year, HUD notified housing authorities of possible budget cuts based on Congressional proposals. The letter told directors to anticipate anywhere from a one to five percent cut in voucher program funding. “I know our funding is going to go down, but I don't know by how much,” Lovell says. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that, under the last Senate bill, 25,000 households nationwide would drop off the voucher program in a year—this, even though the bill increases HUD’s overall funding. The House bill is significantly harsher, cutting an estimated 105,000 households from the program. Put into further perspective, the budget Trump gave to Congress would cut around 235,000 households nationwide as part of the largest proposed cut to HUD since the Reagan era. While waiting for last year’s budget to pass, Lovell says industry groups predicted that funding would renew only 95 percent of her budget. The 5 percent gap would have been enough to create a small crisis, had it materialized. Given the uncertainty, Lovell was forced into the precarious position of cutting her own program. To mitigate the potential damage, the Housing Authority’s Board of Commissioners decided to cut costs. They froze the waitlist for the first time since a nearly two-year period in 2014, meaning no names would come off the waitlist when vouchers became available. “Our first reaction, if the money gets cut substantially, is to just stop leasing to new tenants,” says Lovell. Once the office stopped providing vouchers to applicants from the waitlist, attrition reduced the program. “Thirty-five to 40 households will fall off the program every month, and you hope that this makes up for the money that you've lost.” By not replacing these spots with families from the waitlist, Lovell’s program can be reduced by about 450 vouchers in a given year, if needed to fill a budget gap. When the federal budget passed in May 2017, the St. Louis voucher program received more funding than expected. Still, the waitlist remained frozen for three months after the budget passed. “The leasing process itself takes a fairly long time to gear back up—so you stop and you start,” Lovell says. An uncertain budget increases inefficiencies. The line Lovell walks was especially thin in 2013. That year, a gridlocked Congress triggered the across-the-board budget cut known as the sequester. As a result, housing authorities nationwide faced a 6 percent gap in voucher funding. When housing authorities run out of other options, they sometimes turn to watering down the payment standard, or value, of vouchers. Payment standards are the maximum amount of subsidy a household can receive. When payment standards go down, tenants have a harder time making ends meet. Plus, their pool of available units is further restricted. For households moving between homes in St. Louis during the summer of 2013, the support they received plummeted. The Housing Authority’s idea was to reduce each voucher holder’s support just enough to avoid knocking anyone off the program. Instead of receiving vouchers worth 110 percent of an area’s fair market rent (the maximum), their vouchers’ values sank to 95 percent. Vouchers no longer stretched as far. For example, in fiscal year 2013, a voucher for a two-bedroom unit within the city covered up to $871 of rent and utilities. Under these new payment standards and the 2013 budget, only up to $788 would be covered. “This shifts more costs onto low-income households, who either must pay more to remain in their current housing or move to lower cost, lower quality housing,” writes Douglas Rice, senior policy analyst for the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. As a result, in St. Louis, fewer families were able to move out of the region’s high-poverty areas, where vouchers are already concentrated within lines of racial segregation. Policy changes fenced them in: The Housing Authority denied all tenant requests to move to homes in higher-cost areas. This, despite the program’s promise in increasing residents’ choices. In May 2013, the housing authority sent a letter outlining program cutbacks to landlords, appealing to their goodwill. Staff, bracing for cuts, planned to decrease payment standards for all tenants, thereby increasing rent burden, with as little as 30 days warning. The letter asked landlords to voluntarily defer rent increases and reduce rent by 5 percent. Lovell admits, “These two attempts to reduce cost were not very successful.” Only two landlords deferred rent increases. No landlords reduced rent. When facing cuts, even housing authorities are less likely to meet tenants half way. Leeway within programs—such as a payment plan for shifting income—can make the difference between a family keeping and losing their voucher. “But when you're trying to control the cost and get under this cap, all the nice things you do for people, you're just like, ‘Nope, sorry, can't do that anymore,’” Lovell says. Cuts to administrative funding over recent years have compounded the shrinking support that housing authorities provide to tenant-landlord relations. And while budget uncertainty diminished the voucher program’s pledge of social mobility, it didn’t undermine it completely. St. Louis avoided the most extreme scenario: not a single voucher was taken from a family following this budget cut. For many housing authorities nationwide it was a closer call, with tenants’ livelihoods often hanging in the balance. “We do everything else before we do that, everything. We do not want to remove a family,” Lovell says. But if it has to happen, the rule is simple: Last in, first out. Today, housing authorities everywhere, St. Louis city included, have narrower margins and shallower emergency funds than they did following sequestration. This makes the worst-case scenario—housing authorities revoking vouchers—all the more likely if the Trump administration succeeds in imposing radical austerity. With uncertain cuts looming and an administration that is anxious to dramatically reduce housing support, Crape occupies the position of “last in.” Any future cost-cutting measures in St. Louis will be made in an attempt
82 film Blade Runner, the film stars Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford, with Ana de Armas, Sylvia Hoeks, Robin Wright, Mackenzie Davis, Carla Juri, Lennie James, Dave Bautista, and … Ha esordito nel cinema da bambino, scelto da Mario Bava nel 1961 per il film Gli invasori. L'anno dopo, recitando in inglese, viene scelto dalla protagonista Elizabeth Taylor e dal regista Joseph L. Mankiewicz per interpretare il personaggio di Cesarione, figlio di Cesare e Cleopatra, nel kolossal Cleopatra. 200; stato Marzio Ciano in Il. List of the Top 10 Best Actors of All Time. List of the top 10 best and greatest actors of all time. Hollywood great Actors May 21, 2018nbsp;0183;32;If there are any people you'd like to see represented here, please e-mail your request to mailboxofficemojo. com. Check out the biggest and best movies of 2018. For me watching western movies, writing movie … Glenn Helder (Leiden, 28 oktober 1968) is een Nederlandse percussionist, voormalig profvoetballer en ex-international van het Nederlands voetbalelftal Ribbon cutting ceremony will be on the date of the Summer Solstice, Thursday, Most reliable casino 21, 2018. For information on blackjack cigarettes ribbon cutting ceremony, click on quot;John Glenn Astronomy Park Ribbon Cutting Ceremony press releasequot;, under quot;Latest Newsquot; on the left. F246;rutom lagkapten i landslaget cigagettes BizBen has every type of resource (over 2400 contacts!) to initiate and complete a business for sale purchase in California: business appraisers, due blackjack cigarettes specialists, business purchase financing advisors, business brokers, franchise specialists, broker specialists, bulk saleescrow companies - whatever you need civarettes help you buy or sell … If you balckjack looking for an inexpensive option, look no blackjack cigarettes. The interlocking plastic poker chips are perfect for blackjack cigarettes one night game or special event. Blue Ridge Top 20 List:. Blue Ridge Probabilidades no texas holdem Glenn Ficarra, Writer: I Love You Phillip Morris. Glenn Ficarra is a producer and writer, known for I Love You Phillip Morris blackjadk, Cats amp; Dogs blackjack cigarettes and This Is Us (2016). Ennerdale Flake gift from God, reports Michael Kindt. Michael Kindt, a bald guy with a beer belly who lives in South Dakota recently reported (like, right now, in this very post) that Gawith Hoggarth's Ennerdale Flake pipe tobacco is a veritable gift from God. This cifarettes a blackjack cigarettes of unusual deaths. This list includes only unique or extremely rare circumstances of death recorded throughout history, noted … Official home of Jake Bernstein, internationally recognized futures analyst, trader educator and author who has written over 41 books and numerous research studies on futures trading, stock trading, trader psychology amp; economic forecasting. Sweet Oriental carefully blended with blackjack cigarettes and red Virginias, pressed and lightly stoved. Great as the quot;first pipequot; arousing the palate for the further pleasures of the day. 420 Headshop Buy sneak a tokes, proto pipe, zeplin pipes, metal pipes, weed blackjack cigarettes, hand pipes, pot pipes, chamber pipes and proto pipes for sale. Camp;C Sutlery has Civil War folding camp chairs, stools, and tables. Cooking amp; Eating Utensils. Lanterns, candles, matches. Blankets, … Jason Voorhees is the main antagonist and center piece of the Friday the 13th franchise and one of the blackjack cigarettes main antagonists of the crossover film … Checklist of John Ford's themes and techniques, plus in-depth criticism. Every Item Discounted. Every Item Shows Actual Inventory Your North American Blackajck for Carrera Slot Cars, Sets and Accessories We accept all Major Credit and Arricchirsi col poker online Cards as well as PayPal The kingdom of Godkingdom of heaven is one of the bible's greatest themes. Come and enjoy this detailed study. Blackjack cigarettes Terra Bistro is located in Historic Downtown Buford and is often listed as one of Atlanta's most rustic and charming blackjack cigarettes dining experiences. University Calendars The official University Calendars provide relevant holidays, breaks, final exams, commencement and semester startend dates. Aug blackjack cigarettes, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Adam Thielen, who signed a three-year, 27 million extension this offseason, has spent more time in the slot in the Vikings' three-receiver formations. The Ensemble Darkhorse trope as used in popular culture. The blackjack cigarettes quot;Dark Horsequot; has its origin in horse racing. A relatively unknown horse would be risky to … Call us (USA only), give me your phone number. I will call you back on our dime immediately - saving you MONEY. 1-616-956-8043 Grahan is the new upcoming marathi serial air on Zee Marathi soon with citarettes concept. We saw yesterday loonar eclipse and it released but zee Marathi is coming with new serial which has titled Grahan. Every year, more than 12,000 people are diagnosed with life-threatening roulette 10 pound free cancers. Support Bonfils' Marrow Program to give these patients hope for a chance at survival. Below is a free play version of Playtech's superb Blackjack cigarettes Blue slot, a cult game, along with information on where it can be played for real and the max bet sizes available. Slots Of Blackjack cigarettes - Antique slot machines for sale. When it comes to slot machines sales Slots of Montana cannot be beat. Buy your next slot machine with confidence and that know we are also there after the sale. Im an expert on how technology hijacks blackjack cigarettes psychological vulnerabilities. Thats why I spent the last three years as Googles Design Ethicist caring about how to design things in a way that defends a billion peoples minds from getting hijacked. Slot Nigeria Slot Mobile Phone Price Blackjack cigarettes 2018 This article is going to give you the most recently updated Slot mobile phones price list for the Current Month. The mobile phone retailing company is one of the biggest in the blsckjack … SLOT CAR TUNING TIPS FOR PLASTIC CHASSIS SLOT CARS By Athina Zarkada and Jim McLaughlin Last updated: 11 August 2003. Advantage Play. How to capitalize on slot machines that give you the edge By Frank Scoblete. Once youve identified a slot machine that has a positive expectation, there are certain rules you must follow to maximize your wins. Ghosts of the Past: Bones of Meadows Town Collector's Edition for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. There's a new sheriff in Meadows Town and it's you. Can you stop a vengeful Viking spirit before she strikes again. Michael Jackson's short film quot;GHOSTSquot; has 2,085 members. An up-beat, family-friendly page for MJ fans who love Michael's 40-minute short film quot;Ghostsquot. Treasure Seekers: Follow the Ghosts online. Play free Treasure Seekers: Follow the Ghosts game online at Big Fish. Free the trapped ghosts. Books by Mallory Monroe,Katherine Cachitorie,Yvonne Thomas,J. Watson,www. mallorymonroebooks. com Blackjack cigarettes that blackjack cigarettes joined the family, treat cigadettes with our unbelievably blackjack cigarettes welcome offer. You wont help winning. At Newtown Blackjack cigarettes we offer Newtown Caisno Slot Game and Blackjack cigarettes Dealer. Newtown Casino Blackjackk is the official casino licensee ultimate qublix poker download Blackjack cigarettes UK. The Brooklyn Dodgers was an American Major League baseball poker merriam webster, active primarily in the National League from 1884 until 1957, poker beograd klub which the club blzckjack to Los Poker jak sie gra, where it continues its history as the Los Angeles Cigarettss. Philadelphia attractions come to life with Blackjack cigarettes Reef club casino download. Now with even what is the gambling age in niagara falls canada exciting things to do throughout the blackjack cigarettes, plan a visit cigarrettes. Mardi Gras Casino blackjack cigarettes Hallandale Beach reopens ckgarettes week, blackjack cigarettes after being forced blackjavk close because digarettes damage sustained during Hurricane Irma. Directed by Marc Forster. With Daniel Craig, Olga Kurylenko, Mathieu Amalric, Judi Dench. James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organization from eliminating a country's most valuable resource. Play free slot games by FreeSlotsDocs. com: Fruit, Wild West, Halloween. Enjoy free slots with high-resolution graphics and amazing music. Download Haunted Past - Realm of Ghosts today, or play this and 2400 other top games online for free at GameHouse. Attack of the Evil Bunny Empire. Autumn War. Avengers Tactics Boo ( Bū) is a recurring enemy in the Sonic the Hedgehog series. They are a breed of ghosts who inhabit haunted areas and are the servants of King Boom Boo. WHO KILLED THELMA TODD. AND WHY DOES HER GHOST STILL WALK TODAY. He is a young man who, prior to his unwilling arrival in Rapture, was a passenger on an airplane that crashed near the lighthouse that provided entry to
to taxing gains from options” and stock appreciation rights. In the United States, they revert to NSO tax status. Stock options uk tax implications. If you have any queries about Share Options Tax Implications, please contact Karen Robinson co. An EMI option agreement must contain details of any restrictions on the sharesexamples. Non qualified stock option Wikipedia. I have just sold some stock options from my US based company. Should transatlantic share options be this taxing. GLOBAL Tax advantages on employee share schemes including Share Incentive Plans, Save As You Earn, Company Share Option Plans Enterprise Management. Stock option plans are an extremely popular method of attracting, motivating, and retaining employees, especially when the company is unable to pay high salaries. Some of these options were granted while I resided in the US and some while I resided in the UK, but all were shares in the US company and denominated in dollars. Hi there, I have just sold some stock options from my US based companyboth NSO and ISO Grant Types) and as part of the trade the broker web site calculated my UK tax liability for the NSO based options at 60% based on the Grant Price Market Value calculation excercise and subsequently deducted. Tax advantaged Company Share Option PlansCSOP) Out Law. Unapproved My employer deducted no tax on the approved stock sident on the grant of a share option, UK income tax would be due on the full value received on. To the date of exercise, consider a qualifying US stock option plan or a UK Unapproved Share Option PlanUSOP) rather than EMI for awarding equity to these individuals. Employee stock options tax uk GO TO PAGE. The option vests in March. Employee share plans in the UKEngland and Wales : regulatory. These schemes typically take the form of either Share Options Schemeswhich can be an Unapproved or EMI scheme) or else Restricted Shares. Stock programmes. Non qualified stock options tax uk. Assuming you take up the option, when you sell the shares, you may. Capital gains tax on shares Which. ESOP are often linked to employee performance and offer tax incentives to the companies. Note that EMI scheme options can only be granted to full time employees and the earliest possible. The rules apply to the income tax and NICs liabilities of chargeable events such as the acquisition of ERS or an option exercise) occurring on or after 6 April. Restricted Stock in the UK— which is best. Tax treatment of stock options BDO s Global TAX TREATMENT OF. UK Employee Stock Option Plans The Basics norrisnode Enterprise Management Incentive. A move in the right direction. Other restrictions also apply depending upon the activities of the business. The purpose of this guide. Uk Tax Treatment Of Us Stock Options Top rated binary options. If the shares are listed on the London or New York Stock Exchanges HMRC accept the market value will be the mid market closing price. Last tax year less than one year ago I. Current rules Option exercised before 6 April : No UK income tax and NI payable at the date of exercise. Can anyone think of any circumstance where US tax would be due. UK employee with US stock options Tax Forum: Free Tax Advice. Employee stock options tax uk. Share Options and Incentives Kingston Smith Furthermore, options offer employees protection against any fall in value of their employer s shares, as they will have significant flexibility to choose when they want to acquire their shares. NRF18685 Tax considerations for US companies v4. Relatively easy to implement and. As part of his package, he receives US stock options exercisable at certain time for an agreed price. For the employee, there is no need pay an option exercise price. The employer may have a withholding. United Kingdom Deloitte. The tax reliefs available include: Capital gains taxCGT. Withholding obligation for both tax. Stock options uk tax implications GO TO PAGE. CustomsHMRC) approval, and the ability to exercise the options. Company stock options tax uk. Uk You are given the option to buy shares in the company at a set future date at a set price. Capital gains tax will be payable at the employee s. Share Options Tax Implications Advice. Where income tax is payable on exercise, the employer must withhold and account for this tax if one or more of the following applies: The shares are listed on a stock. In London Stock Exchange listed companies, shareholders expect. Income tax Approach to share options in the UK Personal. Global Share Plan Tax Updates Computershare. Employment Regulatory Tax. Share Appreciation Rights SARs ) are a form of employee incentive arrangement which are similar to some share option plans, but which have two additional advantages: for the company, share dilution can be reduced or eliminated; and. Tax advice on stock options please. Swedish scheme to eliminate income tax on employee stock options for start ups. How stock options are taxed MarketWatch. Unapproved share options. March and grant not made in contemplation of UK duties. Types of taxable compensation. Taxation of Equity Reform In The News. Note different position if restricted stock taxed at award inhome” country. The employing company should be able to claim a deduction against corporation tax for the full amount of the financial gain provided to employees who exercise their options. Tax relief is available. The company will need to set up a trust to hold the shares, for a holding period between three and five years. 5 things you need to know about stock options TechRepublic. Tax exempt income. Employee Stock Purchase. As part of our compensation package, we received private stock options in the company. I believe that there is no liability to US tax for UK employees on grant or exercise of the option all subject to the normal UK rules. What are the individual s tax implications when exericising stock options if the company doesn t take the deduction it s entitled to. Employee share schemes Scott Moncrieff The employing company may get a tax deduction when a CSOP option is. We present an overview of how they work. This is good for UK early stage companies because there is no tax burden on recipients of stock option grants when they exercise their options. Treatment of Employee Stock Options labor market is the proliferation of stock options. Uk tax treatment of employee stock options, hotel trading hours good. US stock options. With an unapproved share option scheme, employees are given options to acquire a number of shares at a future date at any price specified by the company. Shares and stock options Landau Law Employment law- Share and stock options. It is based on UK tax law and tax rates in effect on 30 January, which are subject to change. Company Share Option Plans CSOP UK) Bird Bird Company Share Option. Stock options hmrc The tax advantages are those which relate to investments in qualifying unquoted companies. The situation is as follows: USC" corp private company. Companies operating tax advantaged enterprise management incentiveEMI) stock option arrangements for their UK employees need to be aware of some recent changes in HMRC policy. The market value of. Contractual obligations to pay bonuses may also arise. Restrictions on shares. This means that if you make money on the options you trade, your resulting capital gain is taxable and if you lose money on your options, you have a capital loss. Red, White and Blue Options on either side of the Atlantic. With the caveat that I am not a tax or a legal professional, and. For RSU or restricted stock awards) occurs on or after 6 April. If the set price is less than the market value of the shares on the date the option is granted, this perk counts as part of your pay on which you have to pay income tax. TABLE OF CONTENTS. UK Tax advantages on employee share schemes including Share Incentive Plans, Save As You Earn, Company Share Option Plans and Enterprise Management Incentives. Individuals arriving in or leaving. EU jurisdictions recognise the concept of a stock option, restricted stock unit and restricted stock award, although the names. Clearly an employer must consider terms of employment as to whether there is an entitlement to a bonus. Tax errors can be costly. Tax factsheet: share schemes. An employee was granted a stock option outside of the UK whilst not UK resident, and not in anticipation of. The most widely used scheme is Save as You EarnSAYE) also known as Sharesave or Savings Related Share Option Schemes. Likely to increase NIC costs for both the employee and the company. If exercise on or after 6 April, UK income tax and NIC due on apportioned gain. Companies should be mindful of this when determining the eligibility of employees to participate in a Plan, the benefits being granted and the. Rather than simply asking employers to amend their processes going forward, HMRC are actively pursuing companies for unpaid PAYE NIC for historic years and as a matter. Capital Gains Tax MarketWatch. Have tax exemptions for stock options. Share options Elexica Holmen ABtheCompany. What is anonqualified stock option. Restricted Stock and RSUs. Essentially, the RSU is then treated as a stock option for UK income tax and NIcs purposes, and the tax charge arises under the employment related securities provisions. Employee share ownership: an introduction The Employee Share. International Employment. Tax and Employee Share Schemes GOV. This guide is designed to summarise the main legal and tax issues arising on the. Unapproved stock options tax uk Currency options exchange traded 2. American Stock Option Plans Employee Share Schemes American Stock Options. Employee Share Plans in Europe and the USA Sorainen. The paper gain is around80K, really like to know thereal gain' after tax. Capital gains on stock options uk. How employee share schemes work Telegraph. While the US has a class of tax favoured options known as Incentive Stock OptionsISO s, they do not work well for early stage companies and we do not. Making UK Equity Plans Work for US Employees. United Kingdom New HMRC focus on share options granted to non residents. In March the IME comes to the UK to work for
Willamette ended its season at 4-6 overall, 3-3 in the NWC. BOISE, IDAHO -- Almost four years ago, Capital High football coach Todd Simis ('90 BS, '91 MAT) was the subject of controversy. SALEM, ORE. -- Matt Bicocca (Sr., PK, San Andreas, CA/Calaveras HS) of Willamette University has been named Northwest Conference Football Special Teams Player of the Week for his place-kicking efforts in the Bearcats' 77-17 win over Lewis & Clark College on Saturday, Nov. 3 in Portland, Ore. Bicocca set a school record by connecting on 11 of 11 extra points against the Pioneers. PORTLAND, ORE. -- Willamette University ran the ball 59 times with 19 different players and never had to punt, as the Bearcats routed Lewis & Clark College, 77-17, in a Northwest Conference game at Fred Wilson Field on Saturday, Nov. 3. Willamette set school records for points in a game, touchdowns in a game (11), rushing touchdowns in a game (11) and rushing yards in a game (599). SALEM, ORE. -- Willamette University football Head Coach Mark Speckman will be one of three coaches featured this weekend on the Liberty Mutual Coach of the Year Spotlight on ABC-TV. The 30-minute show will air on Saturday, Nov. 3 and will be shown at 4 p.m. (PDT) on KATU-TV in Portland, Ore. Please check your local listings for the time of the show in your area. Also featured this week will be Art Briles, head coach at the University of Houston, and Dino Mangiero, head coach at Poly Prep Country Day School in Brooklyn, N.Y. SALEM, ORE. -- Whitworth University place-kicker Andy Largent kicked a 33-yard field goal in the first overtime period to give the Pirates a 20-17 victory over Willamette University on Saturday, Oct. 27 at McCulloch Stadium. Whitworth improved to 6-2 on the season and remained undefeated in the Northwest Conference at 4-0. Willamette fell to 3-5, 2-2 in the NWC. SALEM, ORE. -- Willamette University senior punter Clinton Moran (Mission Viejo, CA/Capistrano Valley HS) has been selected as the Northwest Conference Football Special Teams Player of the Week for his efforts in Willamette's 32-14 win at Menlo College on Saturday, Oct. 20. Moran placed two of his three punts inside the Menlo 20-yard line and averaged 36.7 yards per punt. ATHERTON, CALIF. -- Willamette University held Menlo College to just 61 yards and only 40 offensive plays, as the Bearcats defeated the Oaks, 32-14, in a Northwest Conference game on Saturday, Oct. 20. Willamette improved to 3-4 on the season, including 2-1 in the NWC. Menlo fell to 1-7 overall, 1-3 in the NWC. The Liberty Mutual Coach of the Year Award is again up for grabs, and Coach Speckman has an opportunity to win a $50,000 cash award to support his civic and charitable activities, as well as a $20,000 scholarship to be donated to the alumni association of the winning coach's school. SALEM, ORE. -- For those who were on hand at McCulloch Stadium on Oct. 18, 1997 it may be hard to believe, but it is now the 10th anniversary of Liz Heaston becoming the first female to play and to score in a college football game when she competed for Willamette University against Linfield College a decade ago. Heaston, who also was a star player on Willamette's women's soccer team, kicked two extra points in the Bearcats' 27-0 Homecoming victory over the Wildcats. She also played against Southern Oregon University one week later, but missed two extra points against the Raiders. TACOMA, WASH. -- The University of Puget Sound edged Willamette University, 13-7, when UPS offensive lineman Cody Dean recovered a fumble in the end zone with 2:20 left in a Northwest Conference game at Baker Stadium on Saturday, Oct. 13. Dean came to the Loggers' rescue after teammate James Olcott fumbled at the Willamette 1-yard line on a 3rd-and-goal play that began three yards from the end zone. The timely recovery allowed UPS to improve to 3-3 overall, 1-2 in the NWC. Willamette fell to 2-4, 1-1 in the NWC. SALEM, ORE. -- Willamette University senior place-kicker Matt Bicocca (San Andreas, CA/Calaveras HS) has been named Northwest Conference Football Special Teams Player of the Week for his efforts in the Bearcats' 33-32 victory over 12th-ranked (D3Football.com) Linfield College on Saturday, Sept. 29. Bicocca scored the winning point in a 42-yard field goal with four seconds left in the game. SALEM, ORE. -- Willamette University place-kicker Matt Bicocca (Sr, San Andreas, CA/Calaveras HS) connected on a 42-yard field goal with four seconds remaining to send the Bearcats to a 33-32 victory over arch rival Linfield College, in the Northwest Conference opener for both teams, Saturday, Sept. 29 at McCulloch Stadium. Linfield, ranked #12 in NCAA Division III (D3Football.com), fell to 1-2 on the season, 0-1 in the NWC. Willamette improved to 2-3 overall, 1-0 in the NWC. SALEM, ORE. -- James Yamashita (Jr., WR/KR, Walnut Creek,CA/Diablo Valley College) has been named Northwest Conference Football Special Teams Player of the Week for games played on Saturday, Sept. 22. Yamashita returned two kickoffs for 109 yards, including a second-quarter 89-yard touchdown, against Southern Oregon in a 34-27 loss. SALEM, ORE. -- Southern Oregon University quarterback Bryan Lee-Lauduski completed 22 of 31 passes for 235 yards and three touchdowns, and Shane Van Zant scored on a 2-yard run with 10:53 remaining in the game, as the visiting Raiders edged past Willamette University, 34-27, on Saturday, Sept. 22 at McCulloch Stadium. The non-conference win improved Southern Oregon of the NAIA to 2-2 on the season. The Bearcats, from NCAA Division III, fell to 1-3. SALEM, ORE. -- The first Bearcat Club luncheon of 2007-08 will take place Wednesday, September 19 at 12 p.m. (PDT) at the Mission Mill Museum's Dye House in Salem, Ore., and will feature three former Bearcats discussing their teams' championship seasons. All three teams are members of the Willamette Athletics Hall of Fame, with the 1997 team set to be inducted October 27, 2007. SALEM, ORE. -- Junior quarterback Grant Leslie (Bainbridge Island, WA/Bainbridge HS) and senior running back C.J. Washington (Spokane, WA/Shadle Park HS) each scored a rushing touchdown, and the Willamette University defense allowed just 115 total yards, as the Bearcats defeated California Lutheran University, 14-7, Saturday, Sept. 15 at McCulloch Stadium. Willamette, playing its first home game of the season, improved to 1-2. California Lutheran fell to 0-2. ST. PETER, MINN. -- Gustavus Adophus College scored 21 unanswered points in the fourth quarter to rally from a 17-13 deficit and defeat visiting Willamette University, 34-25, on Saturday, Sept. 8 at Hollingsworth Field. The win allowed the Gusties to open the season at 1-0, while Willamette fell to 0-2. SALEM, ORE. -- Remember to get an early start to your day if you want to catch Bearcat football on Saturday, Sept. 8. The Bearcats will play at Gustavus Adolphus College, with kickoff at 11 a.m. on the West Coast. MONMOUTH, ORE. -- Western Oregon University built a 16-0 lead in the first half of its 23-9 win over Willamette University on Saturday, Sept. 1 at McArthur Field. Even so, Willamette outscored the Wolves 9-7 in the second half and ended the game with an impressive 10-play drive for the final touchdown of the night. The non-conference season opener matched the Bearcats, who compete in NCAA Division III, against WOU, which competes in NCAA Division II. SALEM, ORE. -- All of Willamette's football games this season will be broadcast on the
and are also frequent comorbidities to consider. Additional testing to establish the etiology of heart failure should be considered and may include: HIV, ferritin (hemochromatosis), thyroid-stimulating hormone, and serum free light chains (amyloid), for example. Testing for specific viruses other than HIV is not routinely performed, but Coxsackie, Epstein-Barr, and varicella zoster could be considered. Exclusion of connective tissue disease with antinuclear antibodies (ANA) is also often performed. CXR film (Figure 1) may show cardiomegaly, but the absence does not exclude heart failure. Pulmonary edema is an important finding, but can be confused with pneumonitis or other causes of diffuse infiltrates. Accompanying findings such as pleural effusions may be helpful in interpretation. Chest x-ray film demonstrating cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema. An echocardiogram will provide size; structural detail, including evaluation of valves; and myocardial function, including EF and presence of absence of regional wall motion abnormalities. This is the most important test when considering heart failure as a diagnosis. Abdominal ultrasound may demonstrate hepatomegaly and/or ascites, although these findings are often evident on exam and thus are not routinely indicated. The hallmarks of treatment of diastolic heart failure are control of congestion, heart rate in the presence of atrial fibrillation to increase ventricular filling time, and control of systolic blood pressure. The majority of evidence on the treatment of heart failure has been for systolic heart failure, and is thus the focus of the remainder of this section. There are three “to do’s” in the management of heart failure: (1) control congestion, (2) provide neurohormonal antagonists, and (3) consider sudden cardiac death prevention and cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT). Since congestion causes most symptoms, this should be prioritized. Congestion control is achieved with sodium and sometimes (if there is hyponatremia) moderate fluid restriction; most patients need loop diuretics. Congestion is managed the same for systolic and diastolic heart failure. Second, neurohormonal antagonists (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEI) or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB), beta-blockers, aldosterone antagonists, and vasodilators in select populations) are critical for the treatment of systolic heart failure and should be initiated. Although it is critical to use the drugs and doses that were found to be effective in landmark clinical trials, very few patients will tolerate initiation of full doses of these medications, and a period of uptitration over several weeks to months should be anticipated. There is no consensus regarding whether beta-blockers or ACEI/ARB should be initiated first, and beta-blockers should be avoided in the setting of cardiogenic shock, severe bradycardia, complete heart block, or bronchospasm. Studies of neurohormonal antagonists for diastolic heart failure have been disappointing, but neurohormonal antagonists are still often used for their antihypertensive effect, and their safety in this population is well-established. Although there is no mortality benefit, digoxin has been noted to improve symptoms and reduce the risk of hospitalization. Finally, consideration should be given to “electrical therapy,” which consists of CRT (if QRS >130 ms) and sudden cardiac death prevention with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD). The risk of sudden cardiac death is much higher with an EF <35%, and in the absence of contraindications such as life expectancy less than 1 year, electrical therapy should be considered. Patients should be receiving optimal medical therapy for at least 3 months before implanting an ICD. Wearable external defibrillators are sometimes used during the period of medical uptitration to permit reevaluation of EF; a sizable fraction of patients will improve on medical therapy to the point that an implantable ICD is not indicated. Patients who are unable to tolerate medical therapy or experience progression despite these therapies suggest a very poor prognosis and may be considered for advanced options, such as mechanical circulatory support (MCS, also known as ventricular assist device or VAD) or heart transplant. ACEI/ARB and beta-blockers are both initiated at minimal dose, but uptitration of ACEI/ARB is typically prioritized, as full dose can typically be achieved more quickly. Beta-blocker dose is then increased every 1 to 2 weeks to the maximally tolerated dose. Timing of the introduction of aldosterone antagonist is individualized based on need for diuretics and potassium supplementation, and often deferred to prioritize ACEI/ARB and beta-blockers. Administration of diuretics is the hallmark of emergency treatment of heart failure and most patients respond promptly. Inadequate response should precipitate rapid escalation of a diuretic dose. A common rule of thumb is to double an ineffective dose. Consideration should be given to vasodilators if systemic blood pressure is adequate (e.g., mean arterial pressure greater than 70 to 75 mm Hg). In the event of hypotension or cardiogenic shock, initiation of inotropes, such as dobutamine and/or dopamine, may be necessary. Noninvasive positive pressure ventilation is an option and mechanical support such as an intraaortic balloon pump may also be indicated. In addition to evaluation of symptomatic response, physical exam findings that should be monitored while providing treatment for heart failure include frequent evaluation of jugular venous pressure and vital signs, with particular attention to blood pressure and heart rate. Sinus tachycardia is often a compensatory response and improvement is thought to represent a favorable response to treatment. Serial examinations should also focus attention on the presence of absence of S3/S4, liver span, presence or absence of ascites, and degree and distribution of edema. Urine output should also be monitored, as this provides the most direct measure of pace of decongestion and also indicates adequate (or not) renal perfusion. Basic metabolic panels are typically performed shortly after initiation of therapy (at least daily while hospitalized), to monitor renal function and ensure that diuretics are not causing dangerous perturbations in serum potassium levels. Following initiation of aldosterone antagonists, more frequent monitoring of potassium is indicated. A commonly used strategy is 1 week after initiation or dose increase, and then again at 1 month. Once a stable medication regimen has been established, routine intermittent testing in heart failure patients is not typically performed. There is some data to suggest that BNP levels may be used to guide therapy. Maintaining patients with heart failure on maximally tolerated doses of neurohormonal antagonists (ACEI/ARB, beta-blockers, aldosterone antagonists) are critical to minimizing risk of disease progression, symptomatic decompensation, hospitalization, and mortality. Application of CRT when indicated has also been shown to improve outcomes, and should be periodically reconsidered, as patient status or criteria for implant may change over time. Education on salt avoidance, the role of fluid restriction, and self-care including daily weight monitoring are all important to reduce burden of disease and avoid hospitalization. Over time, it is not uncommon for patients with heart failure to become intolerant to maximal doses of medical therapy. The need to decrease the doses of medications is a predictor of adverse outcome, and may be an appropriate time to consider evaluation for advanced options. For patients with end-stage disease, palliative care and/or hospice may be appropriate, and deactivation of ICD may be considered. Digoxin is sometimes used in patients with atrial fibrillation and heart failure with insufficient rate control. Typical dose is 62.5 to 250 mcg daily. Concurrent anemia: Treatment may improve heart failure symptoms. Concurrent arrhythmias: Consider the role that uncontrolled arrhythmias may have on heart failure exacerbation. Improved control of atrial fibrillation or premature ventricular contractions (PVCs) may improve symptoms. Many antiarrhythmics are contraindicated in severe heart failure. Concurrent chronic kidney disease: Continue ACEI/ARB if possible, but if necessary to discontinue, replace with isosorbide/hydralazine combination. May contribute to anemia. Aldosterone antagonists have a substantially increased risk of hyperkalemia. Concurrent diabetes: Avoid thiazolidinediones (TZDs) in all heart failure patients and metformin if there is significant renal dysfunction. Concurrent gout: It is likely that diuretic dosing will need to be increased if a gout flareup is treated with steroids. Concurrent liver disease: Liver congestion is common and may result in the need to alter dose of medications metabolized by the liver. Concurrent prostatic hypertrophy: Alpha blockers should be avoided, as they have been shown to increase mortality in heart failure patients. Concurrent sleep apnea: Should be treated aggressively to minimize neurohormonal activation. Aldosterone antagonists should not be used in patients with underlying chronic kidney disease. Consider use of the Seattle Heart Failure Model or the Heart Failure Survival Score for estimating a patient’s prognosis. Consider referral to dietitian to augment teaching on importance of low-salt diet. Weigh yourself at the same time every day and record the result. Report increases of more than 3 lb in a day or 5 lb in a week to your doctor; however, not all decompensations are preceded by antecedent weight gain. Avoid sodium intake and strive to keep less than 2,000 mg daily. Take your medications as prescribed every day. Report changes in symptoms promptly. “2009 Focused update incorporated into the ACC/AHA 2005 guidelines for the diagnosis and management of heart failure in adults: A report of the American College of Cardiology Foundation/American Heart Association task force on practice
The best part is, you don’t have to pick that one best company because all the players in the group will benefit from these massive shifts. Some of the biggest macro trends I’m watching include aging populations, so the fact that 10,000 Americans are reaching retirement age everyday and that’s going to affect everything from government services to consumer spending. Food demand, global agricultural production just isn’t keeping up with demand, obviously automation and artificial intelligence will bring huge shifts in work and other areas. Big data, and especially with the coming 5G networks I think will bring a wave of changes. Finally the shift in economic and political strength to Asia and here we’re not only talking about China which is the big one but also India and other parts of the region. The third factor I’m looking for in long-term stocks is going to be just as important and that’s companies safe from the destruction in those macro trends. Just as a lot of opportunities are created from those massive trends, there’s also going to be that creative destruction that is the hallmark of capitalism. With this one, think of entire industries like newspapers and magazines. Think of once hugely successful companies like Kodak that, while it’s survived, it’s hard to argue that the company is the giant it used to be. Here I’m thinking about industries at risk from automation and AI and we’re not just talking about making the industry obsolete but the kind of change that will be hard for companies to keep up with. There will always be a need for banking but the evolution to online banking, peer-to-peer lending and even digital currencies is making it very difficult for banks to keep up. You could have a best-of-breed bank stock but if they aren’t constantly adapting to these changes, it’s not going to last the thirty years. I’m also looking at companies at risk to big regulatory concerns and what we’ll just call Death-by-Amazon. So here I want to stay away from pharmacy retail and drug makers, not because I think those industries won’t be around but because these big risks are evolving so quickly that a lot of companies won’t be able to keep up. So those three factors are guiding my long-term investments but of course, I’m still doing that deep fundamental analysis when I pick stocks. I’m looking at cash flows and profitability like we’ve talked about in other videos and finding companies with a distinct advantage over competitors. I know it’s a lot but nobody said finding the best stocks for the next 30 years would be easy. Now I’m going to reveal five names that I think could make the cut. Some of these are going to be pretty safe bets while others could be a little more risky. Our first stock is an anchor for a lot of portfolios, Campbells Soup, ticker CPB. The $10 billion leader in packaged foods controls 60% of the canned soup market and a strong position in snacks and beverages. That kind of market share and size gives it negotiating power against retailers in shelf-space and pricing. Management has made some missteps over the last couple of years but has also been the victim of some bad economics in food packaging. Food costs have been rising at around 3% annually but companies haven’t been able to pass these increases on to customers so profitability has suffered. Shares have fallen about 45% since mid-2016 but represent some great value right now. Management has already driven $550 million in cost savings and expects another $400 million through 2022 which should rekindle some profitability. They’re also expecting to announce buyers for the international business and Bolthouse Farms Fresh segment by the end of the year. The two segments represent about $2.1 billion in revenue so I’m modeling around $4 billion from buyers that will significantly help to pay down some of that debt that’s acting as an overhang on the shares. Earnings are expected 0.8% lower over the next four quarters but the company has a strong history of beating expectations. I’m forecasting $2.55 in earnings per share on stronger profitability which would put the shares around 14-times on a price-to-earnings basis. The shares trade at a price of just 1.1-times sales which is a 40% discount to the five-year average and almost half the two-times average price-to-sales multiple in the industry so some good value here. Besides a great valuation, solid dividend and just the strength of the company’s business, I love Campbells here for a potential catalyst. Activist hedge fund Third Point has been battling the company for years to unlock shareholder value and take control from the Dorrance family. The hedge fund owns about 7% of the shares and finally won an agreement last November to add two of its nominees to the board of directors. That means shareholders have a strong voice on the board that is expert in increasing value. The hedge fund has said everything is on the table including a breakup of the company or asset sales to unlock value and investors get paid a 3.9% dividend while they wait. So I like Campbells but you’re thinking, mmmm I just don’t see soup as a growth market that’s going to jump over the next 30 years. What else ya got for me? China Mobile, ticker CHL, hits our list of stocks to buy for the long-term next. Just about every U.S. company has a ‘china’ plan to break into some part of the world’s second largest economy. Even though the U.S. economy is still about twice as big, China’s economy is adding almost twice the value to its economy every year because it’s growing so fast. Getting exposure to that growth through U.S. companies with sales in China just isn’t enough. EVERY SINGLE INVESTOR needs to own some Chinese domestic stocks and China Mobile is one of my top picks. The telecom company controls 61% of the 4G market and 60% of the total wireless market. With 916 million subscribers, it’s the largest telecom in the world and despite this ginormous size already, it’s still posting some astonishing growth. China Mobile also became the country’s largest fixed broadband provider last year, controlling 42% of the market and accounting for 73% of all new broadband customers versus the other two telecoms China Unicom and China Telecom. China is determined to be the leader in 5G, it’s said so publicly and this is one of the first tech evolutions where it really has a chance to set the pace and it’s going to do it. That’s going to open up a lot of opportunity for telecoms and the broader economy. IoT smart connections among corporate clients increased 154% in the first half of last year to 384 million, that’s already more than the entire population of the United States. Behind all this growth is also one of the strongest balance sheets I’ve seen with $70 billion in cash, that’s more than 30% of the company’s stock market value. For comparison, Apple’s cash stock pile is less than 10% of its market value and China Mobile is generating over $7.6 billion in free cash flow every year. Shares pay a 3.9% dividend yield and the company pays out 48% of profits to the dividend which is solid but still obviously leaves lots of money for growth. At a price-to-sales ratio of two-times which is just under the 2.15-times average over the last five years, the shares aren’t a bargain here but the long-term potential is undisputed. There is one major drawback to China Mobile, the controlling ownership by the Chinese government. As the controlling shareholder and regulator of all three domestic telecom operators, the government is a limiting force on how powerful any one company can become. In fact, over the last decade, it’s swapped out the CEOs of the companies twice to try distributing management experience and knowledge. The upside to all of this is that the Chinese market will continue to grow and the government wouldn’t consider letting anyone else play beyond the three established companies so you basically have an implicit guarantee for China Mobile. ConAgra Foods, ticker CAG, is one I added to our 2019 Dividend Portfolio in February. The company is a U.S. powerhouse in prepared meals where it’s the second-largest in the industry. It has a 40% market share in canned tomatoes and more than a fifth of the meat snacks market with Slim Jim. The company has some solid brands in that relatively safer consumer staples sector so we’re talking dividends as well as a recession-proof industry. Management fumbled big time with last year’s Pinnacle acquisition and had to lower the profit outlook by 20% late last year. The problems were centered around Pinnacle’s distribution business so a little harder to read but management has been very transparent since December about its plans going forward. I think they’re being overly conservative on estimates for a 5% sales decline and margin loss on the Pinnacle assets so the next surprise could be on the upside when things come out better than expected. Despite the missteps, the Pinnacle deal still brought a lot of opportunity to the company with a position in the faster-growing frozen foods space. Consumer data is showing millennials are adopting frozen meals at a higher rate than previous generations and it’s hard to imagine a tech shift that could put this industry in jeopardy. Shares of ConAgra pay a 3.9% dividend which management has affirmed with its new 2019 outlook and trade for just 9.9-times trailing earnings, that’s a 41% discount to the price multiple where it was trading in November. Cash flow is still solid and management is expecting $215 million in cost savings through 2022 on the acquisition. The average analyst price target is 50% higher than the current price and even the lowest price target is
of pilgrims flocked the temple after opening of the doors. The Chardhams, comprising the shrines of Badrinath, Kedarnath, Gangotri and Yamunotri in Garhwal Himalayas reopen for pilgrims in April-May every year after remaining closed for nearly six months during winters as the area remain snow-bound during the period. The annual Chardham yatra is considered as a backbone of the thriving religious tourism in the state that attracts nearly 15-16 lakh pilgrims every year from home and abroad. Delhi’s anti-corruption ombudsman Manmohan Sarin today advocated the need for social boycott of the corrupt and rued the “indifference” of the silent majority towards the menace. “Unless people condemn, despise, and excommunicate the dishonest, the corrupt will continue to enjoy status and respect in society”, Sarin said speaking at the launch of ‘Advocacy and Legal Advice Centre Helpline’ by Transparency International India. “The indifference of silent majority is the real cause of corruption. Till you are not personally affected by corruption, you look the other way”, he said. The Lokayukta lamented that complicated laws and lengthy judicial procedures help the corrupt to go scot free. “Corrupt people go scot free due to long time of trial and I have no hesitation in saying that the truth is that people with money get away”, he said. “Laws are complicated and are not citizen friendly which gives an opportunity to authorities for corrupt practises”, he said. He asked the media to run a sustained campaign against corruption. “The media should not stop at just one report. It has to be a sustained campaign against wrong. It is the duty of media”, he said. Advocating administrative and financial autonomy for Lokayukta office, he said that in states where the Chief Minister is not included under Lokayukta, the Lokayukta does not face any problem. “States where the Chief Minister does not come under Lokayukta Act, there is no problem faced by the Lokayukta”, he said. He said that instilling moral and ethical values in people at young age can help in tackling corruption. “The fall in moral values in society is also to be blamed for rising corruption. We should catch people young and give them moral and ethical values”, he said. The toll free helpline number of ‘Advocacy and Legal Advice Centre’ by Transparency International India will inform citizen about their legal rights, provide legal assistance and equip them to take action on cases of corruption that they have been victims of. “A victim of corruption can call our helpline and take legal advice from our lawyer. After that if they need any assistance in drafting complaint and approaching the right department, our team will help them”, P S Bawa, Chairman Transparency International India said. Transparency International India is the accredited India chapter of the international civil society organisation based in Berlin. Megastar Amitabh Bachchan today said that actress Rekha and cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar “deserved” to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha. “In each session of Parliament, President nominates few set of people for Rajya Sabha from the fields of art, film etc. It is an honorary position. Whoever nominated for this (Rajya Sabha) are deserving people (sic),” Big B told reporters at an event held for promotion of his soon-to-be-released film, ‘Department’. “I remember even (actress) Nargisji was nominated for Rajya Sabha,” he said. However, the nomination of the maestro to the Upper House seems to have not gone down well with actor Sanjay Dutt. “It is an honour to be in Rajya Sabha. I am a die-hard fan of Sachin…he is a pride…jewel of India. But I am not happy that he is a Rajya Sabha member….he should have been the way he is,” Dutt said. When asked if being a parliamentarian will be too demanding for Rekha and Sachin, Bachchan said, “It is their personal decision…leave it to them”. Meanwhile, filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma, who was also present on the occasion, evaded direct reply on the issue, saying, “I have no idea about cricket and politics”. ISRO has said the indigenously built Radar Imaging Satellite (RISAT-1), launched on April 26, has been placed in its final Polar Sun-synchronous Orbit of 536 km height. “PSLV-C19 had placed RISAT-1 in a polar orbit of 470 km X 480 km. As planned, on April 27-28, the satellite propulsion system was used in four orbital manoeuvres to raise the height of the orbit of RISAT-1 to 536 km,” ISRO said in a statement here. The satellite is now in its final orbital configuration and in good health. In the coming days, various elements of the C-band Synthetic Aperture Radar will be tested and calibrated as a prelude to payload operations, it said. “As compared to the optical remote sensing satellites that depend upon sunlight, the Synthetic Aperture Radar of RISAT-1 transmits its own radar pulses (at 5.35 GHz) to study the objects on Earth. This facilitates (i) cloud penetration and (ii) imaging even without sunlight. For RISAT-1, imaging sessions around both 6 AM and 6 PM have been chosen,” it said. The 1,858 kg RISAT-1, whose images will facilitate agriculture and disaster management, was launched on board the PSLV-C19 from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre, around 90 km from Chennai. The Amnesty International has appealed to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take steps for immediate release of all protesters arrested in connection with the anti-Koodankulam Nuclear plant agitation and drop “false” charges against them. Amnesty International members also referred to S.P.Udhayakumar, PMANE convenor’s charge that the Indian authorities had “failed” to respond satisfactorily to several site and safety concerns raised by an independent group of experts. They expressed “dismay” that officials belonging to the Home Ministry searched Udhayakumar’s home and that police had “harassed” shop-keepers who were in solidarity with the protesters. “The charges against the protesters constitute a deliberate attempt by the authorities to silence them despite the fact that the protests had been peaceful,” the letter to the Prime Minister said. Amnesty International members who have signed the letter include senior functionary Peter Cattan of Switzerland. A copy of the letter was released to the press here today. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Saturday hinted at an impending hike in fuel prices saying that there is need for such an exercise to balance the effects of the spiralling oil import bill. “With imports accounting for about 80 percent of our crude supplies, the spiralling prices of crude in the international market have put a severe strain on our import bill,” Singh said in a speech while inaugurating a refinery here. “We also need to rationalize prices and at the same time ensure that the poor and needy are shielded from the effects of such a rationalization,” he said. The prime minister’s comments came in the wake of demands by oil marketing companies (OMCs) which say they either be allowed to raise petrol prices or the government should compensate them for the underrecoveries. The OMCs say their inability to raise prices from Dec 16, 2011 to March 31, 2012 has resulted in total under-recovery of Rs.2,287 crore. “The challenges we face on the energy front are formidable. We need adequate supplies of energy at affordable prices. Domestic sources of crude oil and gas are inadequate to meet the growing demands of our rapidly expanding economy,” he said. India also needed to conserve energy and there was “no room for inefficient and wasteful usage of fuel”, said the prime minister. The 60 Years of Queen Elizabeth’s reign will be celebrated in Britain with Rajasthani touch. The 11-member Jaipur Maharaja Brass Band will perform in London June 2 and 3 rubbing shoulders with famous artists like Elton John in presence of heads of several states and world renowned personalities. “The organising committee of these events examined our previous international performances over the past ten years and selected the Jaipur Maharaja Brass Band to perform at London,” the band’s group leader Amrit Hussain said. “It is a very big event and we are unable to express our happiness in words. We expect to enthrall the audience and our aim is to give a taste of Indian music to the international audience with Indian and Rajasthani traditional music with a mix of Western instruments,” he added. The band will use a mix of traditional Indian and Western instruments to perform popular Bollywood, jazz, pop and self-composed music, making it the first group from India to perform at such an event, Hussain claimed. He said over the past nine years, the band has performed at about 600 concerts in 40 countries. It has participated in prestigious music festivals like Sziget (Hungary), Paleo (Switzerland), and Pori Jazz Fest (Finland). Originating from Jaipur, the city of the maharajas, the band consists of seven to eight musicians, a female traditional Rajasthani dancer and a juggler or fire eater. They play a range of traditional brass instruments, including trumpets, trombones, tubas, clarinets, tabla, base drum and saxophones and perform traditional dances. Amrit said that roots of the Indian brass band music go deep into the subcontinent’s colonial past. “Introduced in the middle of the 18th century
, the panels can be folded back to expose the window & maximise the light. 2. Why choose Made for Shade? We're the Midlands' longest established, most trusted shutter company & have been fitting shutters since 1999, so we know shutters inside out. Experience has taught us that clients generally want three things - the best product, at the best price, with the best service. (John Ruskin famously said that this combination was not achievable & that one of the three had to give - We prove otherwise!). Additionally, for your added peace of mind, we're full members of the Guild of Master Craftsmen (membership number A121256) - your guarantee of a top-quality product & installation. 3. How does the quality of your shutters compare to that of your competitors? Our shutters are manufactured by the world-leader in shutter production, utilising a combination of state of the art manufacturing & hand-crafted finishing touches. The wood used for our hardwood shutters is stored for six months before kiln drying to allow the wood to settle before being treated. UNLIKE the majority of shutter manufacturers our wood is kiln dried twice in a computer controlled drying facility. The wood is specifically dried to take into account the climate of the country to which the shutters will be exported. This is very important as these shutters are manufactured for installation in climates as varied as Alaska & Australia. By utilising these methods, frame warping is greatly reduced. UNLIKE many other manufacturers we engineer our stiles (the vertical, side bars of the shutter panels), rather than producing these as solid profiles. We cut the wood into strips which are then bonded back together in opposing layers for greater strength. This has the effect of breaking the capillaries that run through the wood, through which moisture travels. This, together with the strength of the bonding agent, ensures our panels are unlikely to warp & will give customers years of enjoyment. UNLIKE many other manufacturers we use mortise & tenon joints between the cross rails and the side stiles. These are far stronger than dowel joints & minimise movement between profiles. Movement can result in cracking of the paint or stain finish, which will spoil the aesthetic appearance of the shutters. Again, just in case there is some movement, we engineer the panels with an additional grooved overlap that ensures any movement is handled by this expansion joint. UNLIKE many other manufacturers, we use a high quality, proprietary paint system developed specifically for our shutters. Cheaper shutters use cheaper paints & stains and have fewer coats. We apply six coats of paint or stain, the final layer of which is a clear lacquer with a UV additive to ensure that the shutters are less susceptible to fading and yellowing. UNLIKE other manufacturers we don't compromise on the thickness of our louvres as we believe thinner louvres, although less costly to produce, are much more susceptible to warping. UNLIKE other manufacturers, we use the best quality, marine-grade stainless steel staples to attach our tilt rods to our shutters. In addition, the tips of the staples are coated in a bonding agent to make sure they remain secure for years to come. UNLIKE many other manufacturers, we supply our shutters with a large choice of frames rather than attaching them to battens. Not only does this give you the choice of framing your window by selecting a frame design to co-ordinate with your decor, but it also offers a practical solution for awkward windows (inward opening, etc). UNLIKE many other manufacturers, we assemble our shutters prior to shipping to ensure that all the components fit together perfectly. Once photographed, the shutters are disassembled & packed into custom made packaging to ensure they arrive in perfect condition. When shipping by airfreight, we double pack the shutters for additional security. All this means we are able to provide a three-year warranty on all shutters built within our published specifications. There are inferior quality shutters available on the market, but why would you pay more to get less? 4. Which areas do you cover? We're based in Sutton Coldfield & cover the West Midlands, East Midlands, Staffordshire, Warwickshire & Herefordshire regions. We also cover the 'M1 corridor' (the area between the M1 & the M40 between London & Birmingham). 5. Do you actually make the shutters? Like 99% of UK shutter companies, the answer is 'no'. Made for Shade is the Midlands agent for our manufacturer S:Craft (based near Winchester), who are the shutter market leaders in terms of quality, choice & product innovation. Our expertise is in designing, surveying, specifying & installing shutters, not making them. This enables us to offer a far greater choice of materials, colours, louvre widths & framing options & guarantees clients a constant timeframe from ordering to installation. That said, we have joinery workshop facilities for customising special shutters & have been regular visitors to the factory where the shutters are manufactured. This means we can talk in detail about the production process & answer any questions you may have. 6. Who will measure & fit my shutters? Made for Shade is a family business & as such, we don't employ sales people or believe in pressure selling. We operate a he / she who surveys also fits policy whenever possible, to maintain continuity throughout the order process. Acurate dimensions will be taken at the time of the design consultation to save disturbing you further. Our aim is to make the process of buying shutters a pleasure from start to finish & our testimonials certainly bare this out as you may have already seen. 7. How long do I have to wait? Standard delivery time is between six & eight weeks. Special shapes take an additional two weeks, as CAD drawings need to be created & signed off before manufacture can commence. Custom coloured shutters also take an additional two weeks. However, if you need your shutters fitted sooner, we also offer an express service, which reduces the waiting time to between three & four weeks, but naturally costs a little more. 8. How long do they take to fit? This really depends upon the size & quantity of the shutters & what they're being fitted to (wooden window frames are quicker to fit to than plastered reveals), however most jobs are completed within half a day. Naturally, we can give you an accurate time frame before you place your order. 9. How are they fitted? All Made for Shade shutters are fitted using a three-sided or four-sided perimeter frame, from which the panels are then hinged. Frames can be fitted inside the recess, outside the recess or around the front edge of the recess, depending on how & where you want your panels to fold when open. Needless to say, there are different frame profiles for every eventuality. (The latter option is perfect for uneven recesses, as the run-out is hidden behind the frame moulding). Whichever framing option you choose, all screw-heads will be either hidden with insert strips or cap covers & in the case of stained finishes, screws will be fitted using brass or silver mounting cups. For wider installations such as patio doors & room dividers, tracking systems are used as they give constant support to the panels as they move. All panels are fitted within their frames using hinges with removable pins, which are perfect when it comes to decorating, as the panels can be simply removed & re-fitted in a matter of minutes. 10. How & when do I pay? Payment is made in two parts, 50% when the order is placed & the remaining 50% on completion of installation. Payment can be made by cash, cheque, debit card or credit card (all major cards accepted). 11. What are shutters made from? Made for Shade offer seven different shutter materials. The most economical option is Craftwood, which is a Polymer coated MDF product available in the six best selling white / cream shades & comes in a choice of four louvre widths. It's perfect for small to average sized installations & looked just like a wooden, painted shutter when fitted. We then have a variety of real timbers including Larchwood, Basswood & Cedarwood, each of which have their own unique grain patterns & characteristics. Using lighter weight timbers allows us to hinge more panels together to achieve greater widths with a single, conventional bi-folding shutter. Real timbers can have painted or stained finishes, but our Western Red Cedarwood can also be oiled to give it a beautifully natural finish, which brings out the individually different grain structure in each profile to give a truly rustic charm. 12. How much light do they cut out? There are no technical figures to quote here but we estimate that a shutter will cut out 90 - 95% of incoming light. Whilst there are no gaps to let in direct light, there will always be light glow around the edges of the panels, between the louvres & between the louvre edges where they meet the stile uprights. If actual blackout is required for bedrooms, we have the perfect solution whereby a cellular pleated blackout blind is built into the shutter frame & positioned behind the panels. The blind is raised / lowered by a simple cord mechanism & cannot be seen through the panels. The blinds are available in several, equally effective colours, the most popular being white. 13. Can they be fitted to any window? It's a rare day when we come across a window to which we can't fit shutters, but "never say never" as the saying goes. We need to ensure that the shutter will not inhibit the opening operation of the window & that we have suitably substantial fixing points to bare the weight, but this is all taken care of during the survey. 14. What if my window is out of square? This is usually no problem as most windows vary in width & height across the window. If you
9,10), the author believes that full utilization of the technology, especially in chemical education, has not been realized. The aim of this paper is to teach the qualitative results that arise from applying mathematics to physical and chemical systems, but without the mathematical rigor: "teaching maths with minimal maths". The "new calculus" advocates the "rule of four" (numerical, graphical, symbolic and verbal descriptions) to deepen students' conceptual understanding (2). Students who have a weak background in mathematics do not have the knowledge of calculus required for the usual symbolic algebra approach to physical chemistry. This case study illustrates how a combination of numerical, graphical and verbal descriptions can be used to overcome the lack of symbolic knowledge or ability. The Logical-Mathematical intelligence is only one of multiple "intelligences" (11). By changing the emphasis away from mathematical calculus, the numerical-experimental activity, can also cater to those students who favor Spatial or Bodily-Kinesthetic intelligences. A combination of this spreadsheet approach with the traditional calculus-based approach will enable more students (and students of more types of "intelligences") to study quantum theory. This paper has focused on the use of spreadsheets but, in principle, the simulations can be done using symbolic mathematical packages such as Mathematica, Maple or MathCAD. This would only be feasible for students who already have a strong mathematical background. This author prefers the use of spreadsheets for weaker students for the following reasons. The symbolic mathematical packages depend on the use of a symbolic, quasi-programming language, which can present an additional learning obstacle for many students (12). Furthermore, the access to symbolic mathematical packages is usually more limited than that of spreadsheets, which are widely available in home, business and community settings. The "worldware" (13,14) (also called "application-software" (15)) nature of spreadsheets means that students will have greater opportunities to use and become familiar with spreadsheets than with (eg) symbolic mathematical packages, leading to greater utility and expertise: Software that isn't designed for instruction can still be good for learning (13). (A "straw poll" of physical chemistry faculty suggests that significantly more faculty use spreadsheets in teaching and learning activities than symbolic mathematical packages (16). While weaker students will use the spreadsheets, discussed in this paper, as "black boxes", more able students can construct similar, appropriate spreadsheets (eg17-19). Instructors will need to be careful in deciding to use the "black box" approach or to require students construct their own. If successfully completed, the latter approach will promote deeper learning (19), but the greater complexity of the task (12) may mean that some students cannot complete the task, resulting in frustration and lack of learning. The key feature of using spreadsheets is that students do "numerical experiments". (There is an interesting discussion of the use of numerical experiments in (20-22). Numerical experiments (eg 23) were also a key part of the development of chaos theory (20).) By playing with "what-if" scenarios, students can test the validity of their concepts and ideas: the success of using spreadsheets in this way is supported by cognitive constructivist models of learning (15,24,25). The use of spreadsheets is intended to give students a qualitative appreciation of quantum theory, and does not serve as a pre-requisite to more advanced studies in quantum theory, for which a reasonable knowledge of mathematics is required. This paper is an expanded version of case studies to be published by LTSN Maths, Stats & OR Network <http://ltsn.mathstore.ac.uk/mathsteam> and by LTSN Physical Sciences <http://www.physsci.ltsn.ac.uk>. KFL thanks Ms Jeanne Lee ( ) (Australian Catholic University) for encouraging and helpful discussions, Dr Paul Yates<http://www.keele.ac.uk/depts/ch/staff/pcy/pcy.html> (Keele University, UK) for suggestions to improve the spreadsheet quantum_well.xls, and Associate Professor (Emeritus) Ian Johnston <http://www.physics.usyd.edu.au/super/johnston.html> (Uniserve·Science, University of Sydney, Australia) <http://www.usyd.edu.au/su/SCH/> for a seminar on MUPPET (the Maryland University Project in Physics and Educational Technology) <http://www.physics.umd.edu/rgroups/ripe/computer.html> which introduced KFL to the possibilities of numerical experiments in teaching and learning. All URLs checked on 7 March 2003. Francl, M., Survival Guide for Physical Chemistry; Physics Curriculum and Instruction: Lakeville (MN), 2001. Preparing for a New Calculus; Solow, A. E., ed. Mathematical Association of America: Washington (DC), 1994; Vol. 36. Stewart, J., "Introduction" in Calculus; 4th Ed.; Brooks/Cole: Pacific Grove (CA), 1999. Kuhn, H., "A quantum-mechanics theory of light absorption of organic dyes and similar compounds", J. Chem. Phys. 1949, 17, 1198. Levine, I. N., Quantum Chemistry; 5th Ed.; Prentice Hall: Upper Saddle River (NJ), 2000. Press, A. H.; Teukolsky, S. A.; Vetterling, W. T.; Flannery, B. P., Numerical Recipes in Fortran 77: The Art of Scientific Computing; 2nd Ed.; Cambridge University Press: New York, 1996; Vol. 1. de Bono, E., Lateral Thinking: A textbook of creativity; Penguin: London, 1990. McMurry, J., Organic Chemistry; 5th Ed.; Brooks/Cole: Pacific Grove (CA), 2000. Bridges, R., "Graphical spreadsheets", Mathematics in Schools 1991, 20, 2. Wood, J., "Utilizing the spreadsheet and charting capabilities of Microsoft Works in the the mathematics classroom", Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching 1990, 9, 65. Gardner, H., Frames of Mind: The Theory of Multiple Intelligences; 2nd Ed.; Fontana: London, 1993. Galbraith, P.; Pemberton, M., "Convergence or divergence? Students, Maple, and mathematics learning", in Mathematics Education in the South Pacific; B. Barton, K. C. Irwin, M. Pfannkuch and M. O. J. Thomas, eds.; Mathematics Education Research Group of Australasia: Pymble (NSW), 2002; Vol. 1; p 285. Ehrmann, S. C., "Asking the right question: What does research tell us about technology and higher learning?" Change: The Magazine of Higher Learning1995, 27 (2), 20 <http://www.learner.org/edtech/rscheval/rightquestion.html>. [supplementary material: Journal of Chemical Education: Webware, paper WW003 <http://jchemed.chem.wisc.edu/JCEWWW/Features/WebWare/WW003/index.html>]. Maddux, C. D.; Johnson, D. L.; Willis, J. W., Educational Computing: Learning with tomorrow's technologies; Allyn and Bacon: Needham Heights (MA), 1997. Miles, D. G., Jr.; Francis, T. A., "A survey of computer use in undergraduate physical chemistry", J. Chem. Educ. 2002, 79, 1477 <http://jchemed.chem.wisc.edu/Journal/Issues/2002/Dec/abs1477.html>. de Levie, R., How to Use Excel in Analytical Chemistry and in General Scientific Data Analysis; Cambridge University Press: Cambridge (UK), 1999. Diamond, D.; Hanratty, V. C. A., Spreadsheet Applications in Chemistry Using Microsoft Excel; Wiley: New York, 1997. Kaess, M.; Easter, J.; Cohn, K., "Visual Basic and Excel in chemical modeling", J. Chem. Educ. 1998, 75, 642 <http://jchemed.chem.wisc.edu/Journal/Issues/1998/May/abs642.html>. Gleick, J., Chaos; Viking: New York, 1987. Redish, E. F.; Wilson, J. M., "Student programming in the introductory physics course: M.U.P.P.E.T." Am. J. Phys. 1993, 61, 222 <http://www2.physics.umd.edu/~redish/Papers/mupajp.html>. Redish, E. F., University of Maryland, Published papers describing M.U.P.P.E.T. <http://www.physics.umd.edu/ripe/muppet/papers.html>, 1995 (accessed 20 December 2001). Hénon, M.; Heiles, C., "The applicability of the third integral of motion: some numerical experiments", Astron. J. 1964, 69, 73. Bee, H. L., The Developing Child; 8th Ed.; Longman: New York, 1997. McInerney, D. M.; McInerney, V
to endeavour to carry out the wishes of the Committee, and accomplish the object for which the expedition was fitted out. “Upon leaving our depot, near Mount Arden, the low, arid, and sandy nature of the country between the hills and Lake Torrens, compelled us to follow close under the continuation of Flinders range. Here our progress was necessarily very slow, from the rugged nature of the country, the scarcity of water, and the great difficulty both of finding and obtaining access to it. As we advanced, the hills inclined considerably to the eastward, gradually becoming less elevated, until, in latitude 29 degrees 20 minutes S., they ceased altogether, and we found ourselves in a very low and level country, consisting of large stony plains, varied occasionally by sand; and the whole having evidently been subject to recent and extensive inundation. These plains are destitute of water, grass, and timber, and have only a few salsolaceous plants growing upon them; whilst their surface, whether stony or sandy, is quite smooth and even, as if washed so by the action of the water. Throughout this level tract of country were interspersed, in various directions, many small flat-topped elevations, varying in height from 50 to 300 feet, and almost invariably exhibiting precipitous banks. These elevations are composed almost wholly of a chalky substance, coated over on the upper surface by stones, or a sandy soil, and present the appearance of having formed a table land that has been washed to pieces by the violent action of water, and of which these fragments now only remain. Upon forcing a way through this dreary region, in three different directions, I found that the whole of the low country round the termination of Flinders range, was completely surrounded by Lake Torrens, which, commencing not far from the head of Spencer’s Gulf, takes a circuitous course of fully 400 miles, of an apparent breadth of from twenty to thirty miles, following the sweep of Flinders range, and almost encircling it in the form of a horse shoe. “The greater part of the vast area contained in the bed of this immense lake, is certainly dry on the surface, and consists of a mixture of sand and mud, of so soft and yielding a character, as to render perfectly ineffective all attempts either to cross it, or reach the edge of the water, which appears to exist at a distance of some miles from the outer margin. On one occasion only was I able to taste of its waters; in a small arm of the lake near the most north-westerly part of it, which I visited, and here the water was as salt as the sea. The lake on its eastern and southern sides, is bounded by a high sandy ridge, with salsolae and some brushwood growing upon it, but without any other vegetation. The other shores presented, as far as I could judge, a very similar appearance; and when I ascended several of the heights in Flinders range — from which the views were very extensive, and the opposite shores of the lake seemed to be distinctly visible — no rise or hill of any kind could ever be perceived, either to the west, the north, on the east; the whole region around appeared to be one vast, low, and dreary waste. One very high and prominent summit in this range, I have named Mount Serle; it is situated in 30 degrees 30 minutes south latitude, and about 139 degrees 10 minutes east longitude, and is the first point from which I obtained a view of Lake Torrens to the eastward of Flinders range, and discovered that I was hemmed in on every side by a barrier it was impossible to pass. I had now no alternative left me, but to conduct my party back to Mount Arden, and then decide what steps I should adopt to carry out the objects of the expedition. It was evident, that to avoid Lake Torrens, and the low desert by which it is surrounded, I must go very far either to the east or to the west before again attempting to penetrate to the north. “First — To move my party to the southward, to endeavour to procure supplies from the nearest stations north of Adelaide, and then, by crossing to the Darling, to trace that river up until I found high land leading to the north-west. “Secondly — To cross over to Streaky Bay, send from thence to Port Lincoln for supplies, and then follow the line of coast to the westward, until I met with a tract of country practicable to the north. To the first of these plans were many objections; amongst the principal ones, were, the very unfavourable accounts given both by Captain Sturt, and Major Mitchell, of the country to the west of the Darling River — the fact of Captain Sturt’s having found the waters of that river salt during a continued ride of many days — the numerous tribes of natives likely to be met with, and the very small party I should have with me; lastly, the course of the river itself, which trending so much to the eastward, would take us from, rather than towards the centre of this Continent. On the other hand, by crossing to the westward, I should have to encounter a country which I knew to be all but destitute of water, and to consist, for a very great distance, of barren sandy ridges and low lands, covered by an almost impenetrable scrub, at a season, too, when but little rain could be expected, and the heat would, in all probability, be intense; still, of the two, the latter appeared to me the least objectionable, as we should at least be going towards the point we wished to reach, and through a country as yet quite unknown. “After mature and anxious consideration, therefore, I decided upon adopting it, hoping that my decision may meet with the approbation of the Committee. “Previous to our arrival at Mount Arden, we experienced very showery weather for some days, (otherwise we could not have attempted a passage to the westward); and as there were no longer any apprehensions of water being found on the route to Streaky Bay, I sent two of my teams across upon our old tracks, in charge of my overseer, whilst I conducted the third myself, in company with Mr. Scott, direct to Port Lincoln, to procure the supplies we required. In crossing from Mount Arden, towards Port Lincoln, we travelled generally through a low barren country, densely covered by brush, among which were scattered, at considerable intervals, a few small patches of grass, with here and there some rocky elevations; in the latter, we were usually able to procure water for ourselves and horses, until we arrived at the districts already explored, in traversing which we passed (to the N. E. of Port Lincoln) some rich, well watered valleys, bounded by a considerable extent of grassy hills, well adopted for sheep or cattle, arriving at Port Lincoln on the 3rd of October. As a line of route from Adelaide for the emigration of stock, the course we followed, though it cannot be called a good one, is perfectly practicable in the winter season; and I have no doubt, when the country becomes better known, the present track might be considerably improved upon, and both grass and water obtained in greater abundance. “I regret extremely to acquaint you, that on the morning of the 9th September, one of the police horses (called “Grey Paddy”) kindly lent to the Expedition by His Excellency the Governor, was found with his leg broken, apparently from the kick of another horse during the night, and I was obliged to order him to be shot in consequence. With this exception, no serious accident has occurred, and the whole of the party are in the enjoyment of good health and spirits. As the Expedition will still be absent, in all probability, upwards of five months, I have availed myself of a kind offer from Dr. Harvey, to send his boat over to Adelaide, and have sent Mr. Scott to receive any instructions his Excellency the Governor, or the Committee, may wish to give relative to our future proceedings; and immediately Mr. S. returns, I shall hurry up to Streaky Bay with the supplies, and at once move on to the westward, my overseer being now engaged in preparing for our forcing a passage through the scrub, to the north-west of Streaky Bay, as soon as we arrive there with the remainder of the party. From the 9th to the 22nd of October, I was occupied a good deal at the camp, having only one man and a native boy to attend to the tent, the horses and the sheep, so that I was in a great measure confined at home, occasionally only making short excursions to the town to superintend the preparation of a large supply of horse-shoes, or visiting the stations of some of the nearest country settlers. I had lately bought a kangaroo dog, from the captain of an American whaler, and in these rambles had frequent opportunities of trying my new purchase, both after emus and kangaroos, but he was quite useless for hunting either, and did little credit to the honesty of the person who sold him to me, and who had asked and received a high price, in consideration of the animal being, as he assured me, of a better description than ordinary. Of the natives of the district I saw nothing whatever; the death of young Hawson, and the subsequent scouring of the country by police, had driven them away from the occupied parts, and forced them to the fastnesses of the hills, or to the scrubs; I was, however, enabled by the kindness of Mr. Schurman, a German Missionary, stationed at Port Lincoln, to obtain a limited collection
to another web hoster due to problems with the services from KPN. There might still be some glitches; if you run into unexpected behaviour, please let me know. 13 August 2015: the site has a new look and feel! I moved everything from a php-based web-builder application to plain html. This makes it easier for me to maintain, and to move to another webhoster, if needed. The important old php links should redirect automatically to the new html pages. Some glitches may occur .... so please contact me if you hit an unexpected result. 7 August 2015: moved my DEBtox Research activities to a dedicated website: www.debtox.nl. This info site will remain the place with information on models, sorftware, e-books, publications and courses. March 2015: the hits counter at the bottom of the page has now exceeded 100,000 hits! 21 June 2012. Check out Roman Ashauer advertising TKTD modelling in SETACs newsletter over here. 5 May 2012. On the discussion board, I started a forum on "Ecotox Essays".This forum will present short opinions and critical comments on an ecotoxicological topic. I will try to regulary write a contribution, but I also highly welcome contributions from others! See the board for further details. Also at the 2019 SETAC conference in Helsinki, there will be the spectacular “GUTS to the Max”: Mechanistic Effect Models Hackathon, organised by Roman Ashauer. More information. For 2019, a new round of the DEB telecourse is planned, and also a classroom part (1-6 April), followed by workshops (8-9 April), and the international DEB symposium (10-12 April). This time, the location will be Brest, France. More information is provided on the symposium website. Application to the DEB2019 school is open and the deadline is extended to February 15, 2019. If you are a young environmental scientist, make sure to check out the YES meeting in Ghent, 5-10 February 2019. I will be teaching a short course on DEBkiss there. Registration deadline is 18 December 2018. Dedicated 2-day GUTS course, geared towards professionals in risk assessment of pesticides. 16-18 October, Wageningen, the Netherlands. More information. As part of the 2019 SETAC conference in Helsinki, Sandrine Charles is organising a 1-day short course on GUTS (on 26 May 2019). Download the flyer. Sandrine is also organising a more extensive winter school 6-10 January 2020 (in Lyon, France) focussing on ecotox effect models. 27 August 2018: the EFSA opinion on TKTD models is now available over here. This opinion will be pivotal for the application of GUTS and DEBtox in environmental risk assessment (in particular for pesticides). 26 March 2018: the 2018 round of the TKTD modelling summer course DynModTox has been cancelled. 24 August 2016. We just finished the third round of the DynModTox summerschool in Denmark. Some impressions from the 2016 course over here. Wednesday 13 January, at the VU University, Carlos Teixeira defended his thesis entitled "Application of Dynamic Energy Budget theory for conservation relevant modelling of bird life histories." Announcement (in Dutch). On 2 June 2015, James Maino successfully defended his thesis entitled "The Importance of Body Size: Scaling of Physiological Traits in Insects" at the VU in Amsterdam. Announcement over here. On 8 May, Bas Kooijman will deliver his farewell speech at the VU University, which also marks the end of the Dept. of Theoretical Biology at this university. See the announcement (in Dutch). The trilogy booklet with Bas' inaugaral and farewell speeches can be downloaded over here. On 28-30 April 2015, there will be the fourth international DEB symposium in Marseille, France. Abstract submission is closed. As of 1 March 2015, Tjalling Jager has left the VU University to continue as a self-employed researcher under the name DEBtox Research. I will remain associated with the VU as a guest of the department of Animal Ecology. February-April 2015, there will be a new round of the DEB course. Part in tele-mode, and part hands-on in Marseille, France. More info. This will be the last course organised by Bas Kooijman, so don't miss it! 14 January, we had the succesful defense of Alpar Barsi, who's CREAM project was supervised by Virginie Ducrot and myself. His thesis can be found here. In August 2014, we provided the second summercourse on dynamic modelling in ecotoxicology. Impressions. 18 June 2013. Elke Zimmer and Ben Martin successfully defended their PhD theses! Congratulations! More info on Elke's thesis and Ben's thesis. Cancelled: the 2013 PhD summer course "Dynamic modelling of toxic effects". More details about the course over here. Mike Newman offers his course on quantitative methods in ecotoxicology (in the US) from 17-21 June 2013. See brochure. Webcast minicourse on DEB principles by Roger Nisbet 31 January till 21 February, see course description. An excellent starting point for people doing the DEB telecourse. On 24-26 April 2013, the third international DEB symposium was held on the island of Texel in the Netherlands. Details over here. In 2012, the first PhD summer course "Dynamic modelling of toxic effects" was held on 11-18th of August in Denmark, which focussed on TKTD modelling in general, and on GUTS and DEBtox in particular. Impressions from the 2012 course can be found over here. More details about the course over here. 8 December 2018: a new version of the GUTS e-book has been released at Leanpub. Most important change is in the statistical treatment. See version log at the support page for more details. 15 November 2018: a new version of the DEBkiss e-book has been released at Leanpub. 15 August 2018: update to the ring test results for BYOM. See the guts e-book page. 18 January 2018: The long-awaited GUTS e-book is released in Version 1.0! More information. 24 July 2017: Update of the "Making sense of chemical stress" e-book. Improved readability and update with new developments. 6 December 2016: New version of the DEBkiss book published. More information. 14 August 2015: small update to the technical document, adding a section on joint confidence regions. 11-12 August 2015: the e-books "Making sense of chemical stress" and "DEBkiss" have both been moved to the Leanpub publishing framework, and can be downloaded here and here, respectively. You can still get them for free, but also have the possibility to pay me (which will support future development of this and other books). 4 April 2015: small update of the DEBkiss book. 11 February 2015: New version of the DEBkiss book. 11 February 2015: Small update of the technical background document. 15 October 2014: New version 1.1 of the e-book "Making sense of chemical stress" over here. Added a chapter with two case studies. 15 June 2014. Version 1.1 of the e-book on DEBkiss is now available over here. Some minor changes. 18 May 2014. Version 1.0 of the e-book on DEBkiss is now available over here. Basically an embellished version of our JTB paper. 14 June 2013. Version 1.0 of the e-book now available for download over here. Small changes relative to Beta 1 version. 20 Sept. 2012. The first Beta 1 version of the technical document for the e-book over here. 9 April 2012. The first Beta 1 version of the free e-book "Making Sense of Chemical Stress" is available for download over here. 7 September 2018: small update of BYOM to v. 4.2c and updated GUTS package v. 2.3. More details on the BYOM page. 13 August 2018: a quick update of BYOM to v. 4.2b. This was needed as I found some errors in conjunction with GUTS package. See BYOM page for details. 9 August 2018: updates of packages 'dose-response', 'acute Calanus', and 'support marecotox'. The dose-response package also has a nicer walkthrough. See BY
relevant topics pertaining to earth based spirituality, from Druids around the world. We are a diverse group of artists, teachers, writers, healers, counselors, musicians and passionate community members. The following is a list of leader organizations or individuals involved in or that we can attribute our published content to on our facebook page or blog. The Order of Bards, Ovates & Druids is a worldwide group dedicated to practising, teaching, and developing Druidry as a valuable and inspiring spirituality. The Order was founded in Britain over 50 years ago by the historian and poet Ross Nichols, aided by the writer and founder of the Tolkien Society Vera Chapman, and fellow members of the Ancient Druid Order, which developed during the early years of the last century out of the Druid Revival which began about three hundred years ago. Membership of the Order is open to followers of all faiths and none, regardless of gender, sexual orientation or ethnic origin, and there are currently over seventeen thousand members in fifty countries. The Order offers comprehensive training in Druidry in seven languages through its distance learning course, which includes a personal mentorship programme, camps and gatherings in many countries, a monthly magazine, and members' internet forums. as well as training in celebrancy. The purpose of IDN is to provide a directory of druids, druid organisations and druid events in Ireland. This is to facilitate better communication within the Irish druid community; it is a free service with no affiliations and will remain completely impartial. The Irish Druid Network was set up in 2006 by Luke Eastwood and Wil Kinghan, both practising their faith in Ireland. Both are members of OBOD but also pursue their own individual and group work within an Irish context. The Contemporary Druids are a small grove located in the Pacific Northwest of the USA. They grew up together in Christian and secular homes but found as young adults they wanted more out of their spiritual lives than they were finding on their previous paths. They wanted to explore a spiritual connection to nature, find a higher kinship with the living breathing world and honor their ancestral roots. Soon they began exploring Pagan belief systems and the tenets of Druidism resounded so strongly they knew they had found their way home. Looking to tie their newfound spiritual journey into their modern American lives they reached out to likeminded individuals to share their journey with and found a supportive, loving and kind community. Cead míle fáilte! Stair na hÉireann will take you on an enchanting journey through Ireland's culture, language, history, ancient secrets, archaeology, arts & music, literature and thousands of places that link us to our past and the present. Isla is a writer, poet, singer, wife and mother. She has loved and felt drawn to nature, her ancestors and the Druids for as long as she can remember. In her spare time, she enjoys steam punk novels, going to local festivals, as well as working with her show dogs. She wrote and contributed our official guide book. Rik is an author, teacher, druid witch and member of the Order of Bards, Ovates and Druids. He lives in the Lehigh Valley area of Pennsylvania with his husband Matthew. He's taught public classes for several years on a number of topics related to Magic and Witchcraft, but these days he only teaches privately. He is the founder of the House of Blackthorn, a private, formal training that blends Druidry and Celtic Paganism with Old World Witchcraft. He has been on the magic path for 30 years, and offers services such as celtic tarot/oracle readings, numerology, Reiki treatments, hand-made spell candles, witch bottles, essential oil blends, soaps and other items for magical use. He currently has two books available on Amazon, "Walking a Magic Path" and "The Noble Art of Divination" (a tarot/oracle journal). Visit his website for more information. Richard Price is a bagpiper / musician and dance master who was born in Beddgelert in North Wales, very close to Taliesin's birthplace of "Llyn Tegid." The intention of all his endeavors is to bring to modern audiences some of the myth and magic of the great Bard Taliesin, using newly written material and traditional songs from Britain/Wales. He has spent a lifetime creating music, dance, art, photography, film and storytelling which is driven by the striving to be an 'Awenydd' or a innovative being inspired by the creative muse 'Awen.' He is a well respected expert in the performance of the music and circle dances of Brittany. Richard has traveled extensively and has lived in many parts of the world. He currently makes his home in San Diego, California with his wife Sorcha Sinclair who is a Gnostic Witch and jewelry designer. Julie Brett is the author of the book Pagan Portals - Australian Druidry. She is passionate about reawakening the magic of the Australian landscape for all Australians. She is also passionate about Druidry and creating new forms of it that recognize the integral aspects of both ancestor-based tradition and nature-based tradition, bringing these together to create a form of Druidry that is truly Australian. She is the founder of the Druids Down Under network on Facebook and also a jewelry artist for her label Forest Spirit Jewelry. She is based now in The Blue Mountains, NSW Australia. George has always been drawn to the magic and mystical elements of nature, and intuitively was fascinated by the interconnection and balance of all things therein. This has been the deep inspiration behind his poetry and song writing, leading to his very own unique sound and style that reminds us of our own hunger to be connected fully with the sacredness of life and that we live in a great story that is taking us on an ever unfolding journey.In just a few years the music of Cernunnos Rising is accumulating a loyal, global following and these unique songs of man, myth and magic, seasons and soul, and powerful ecological reminders have the seeds of a deep truth that resonates within all of us. Now on his 5th album of totally original songs George will continue to grow and evolve on his creative journey and remain prolific in his endeavour to “create” within the world of music, art and the realms of the imagination. George’s career has been varied over the years, from display artist, sign-writer, sculpturist, cartoonist and publisher, inventor, actor, singer songwriter, security boss, American fire-fighter and paramedic (In Georgia USA), community arts champion, and founder of the Art For Their Sake charity. Despite his very busy and productive life, George has ran and organized the Art For Their Sake charity creating a vast array of large scale, vibrant mural projects in special needs schools, hospices, and hospitals etc throughout the UK for nearly 40 years. He also designs and builds special, unique, interactive, tactile, and fibre-optic illuminated murals within these institutions. He still is to this day engaged fully in this charity work that greatly improves environments for the sick, disabled, disadvantaged, and terminally ill. Síthearan NicLeòid (S. P. MacLeod) is a Canadian author and teacher, Gaelic singer and professional musician, ban-druí and ban-fili, and Harvard trained Celticist. She has studied Old Irish, Scottish Gaelic, modern Irish, Welsh, Cornish and Breton, and sings in these languages as well. Her areas of special training include Pagan Celtic religion and mythology, Old Irish poetry and wisdom texts, Celtic deities, and Gaelic folklore. She has taught Celtic mythology, poetry, literature and culture at the university level, and has given honorarium lectures at Harvard University and University College Cork (with upcoming lectures at Trinity College Dublin and other venues in Ireland and Scotland). She has published numerous academic articles on Celtic myth and religion in the Proceedings of the Harvard Celtic Colloquium (Harvard University Press) and Cosmos: Journal of the Society for Traditional Cosmology (University of Edinburgh), and has a chapter appearing in an upcoming academic book: "Thinking about Celtic Mythology in the 21st Century" (University of Wales Press). She is currently working on a grant funded research project (Eólas ar Senchais) to study and restore authentic Celtic music and ritual from the pagan era, and is working with scholars and tradition bearers in the Celtic countries. Her most recent book, "Celtic Myth and Religion: A Study of Traditional Belief" is being used in college courses, and copies are held in numerous libraries and universities around the world, including the Royal Irish Academy. She is the founder of Túatha Imbais, and runs training programs and advanced courses. Cara recently returned to the Bay Area after four years on a deep transformational soul journey in the west of Ireland where she was immersed in the mystical realm of the devas and Celtic Ancestors. During her 4 years she studied shamanism, ecotherapy and psychotherapy and was awakened to her true purpose as a healer and seer reconnecting with my ancestral memory in the land and sacred sites. She was called by her ancestors to heal her lineage and reawaken the sacred memory as a Druid creating a rainbow bridge of interconnection from the past to the future, east to west and from indigenous to modern. Her passion and work now is to guide people back into interconnection with Nature through shamanic Druid practices, classes, healings, soul readings and journeys - to find the sacred in every day, healing ourselves and healing the planet. She is also a professional photographer specializing in portraits and wedding photojournalism and has advanced degrees in counseling psychotherapy and Irish archaeology. She also offers sacred journeys to Ireland to share the magic, beauty and mystery she experienced on the land with others. The journeys will have a spiritual shamanic focus. Jeremy Taylor, also known as Aiw
2016, the FASB issued guidance requiring a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement and presentation of expense and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP, which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet, this new guidance will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance also requires disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users to better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements, providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2018 and is to be applied using the modified retrospective approach. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material effect upon its consolidated financial statements. In July 2015, the FASB issued guidance requiring management to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period and should be applied retrospectively, with early application permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In August 2014, the FASB issued guidance requiring management to evaluate whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide disclosures in certain circumstances. The new guidance was issued to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material effect upon its consolidated financial statements. In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance requiring entities to recognize revenue from contracts with customers by applying a five-step model in accordance with the core principle to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, this guidance specifies the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer and expands disclosure requirements for revenue recognition. In August 2015, the FASB issued guidance deferring the effective date of this guidance to annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods therein. Entities have the option to adopt this guidance either retrospectively or through a modified retrospective transition method. This new standard will supersede existing revenue guidance and affect the Company's revenue recognition process and the presentations or disclosures of the Company's consolidated financial statements and footnotes. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. At June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company’s Canadian subsidiary had $27.5 million and $28.1 million, respectively, of Canadian dollar denominated intercompany accounts payable owed to one of the Company’s U.S. subsidiaries. In order to mitigate its exposure to movements in foreign currency rates between the U.S. dollar and Canadian dollar, the Company routinely enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of its exposure to changes in the value of the Canadian dollar. Approximately $3.3 million of these Canadian dollar denominated intercompany accounts payable are considered by management to be of a short-term nature whereby the appreciation or devaluation of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar will result in a gain or loss, respectively, to the consolidated statement of operations. The Company considers the remaining $24.2 million Canadian dollar denominated intercompany accounts payable to be of a long-term nature and whereby settlement is not planned or anticipated in the foreseeable future; therefore, any resulting foreign exchange gains and losses are reported in the consolidated balance sheets as a component of other comprehensive income in accordance with ASC 830 “Foreign Currency Matters”. In June 2016, the Company entered into a $3.0 million 90-day hedge contract with a United States bank to hedge a portion of its short-term Canadian dollar foreign exchange rate exposure. This contract reduces the impact on cash flows from movements in the Canadian dollar/U.S. dollar currency exchange rate, but has not been designated as a hedge for accounting purposes. At June 30, 2016, the fair value of this contract was a liability of $11,000. equivalents, trade and other receivables and accounts payable, the carrying amounts approximate fair value on the respective balance sheet dates. The Company applies fair value techniques on a non-recurring basis in evaluating potential impairment losses related to long-lived assets. During the nine months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company made non-cash inventory transfers of $3.0 million and $4.8 million, respectively, to its rental equipment fleet. Raw materials include semi-finished goods and component parts totaling $52.5 million and $48.4 million, respectively, at June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The Company had no long-term debt outstanding at June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. On March 2, 2011, the Company entered into a credit agreement with Frost Bank with borrowing availability of $50.0 million (the “Credit Agreement”). On May 4, 2015, the Company amended the Credit Agreement which reduced its borrowing availability to $30.0 million with amounts available for borrowing determined by a borrowing base. Under the amendments to the Credit Agreement, the borrowing base is determined based upon certain of the Company’s and its U.S. subsidiaries’ assets which include (i) 80% of certain accounts receivable plus (ii) 50% of certain notes receivable (such result not to exceed $10 million) plus (iii) 25% of certain inventories (excluding work-in-process inventories). As of June 30, 2016, the Company’s borrowing base was $35.3 million resulting in borrowing availability of $30.0 million less $0.5 million of outstanding letters of credit. The Company’s domestic subsidiaries have guaranteed the obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement and such subsidiaries have secured their obligations under such guarantees by the pledge of substantially all of the assets of such subsidiaries, except real property assets. The Credit Agreement expires on May 4, 2018 and all borrowed funds are due and payable at that time. The Company is required to make monthly interest payments on borrowed funds. The Credit Agreement as amended limits the incurrence of additional indebtedness, requires the maintenance of a single financial ratio that compares certain of the Company’s assets to certain of its liabilities, restricts the Company and its subsidiaries’ ability to pay cash dividends and contains other covenants customary in agreements of this type. The interest rate for borrowings under the Credit Agreement as amended is based on the Wall Street Journal prime rate, which was 3.50% at June 30, 2016. At June 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. During the nine months ended June 30, 2016, the Company issued 182,400 shares of restricted stock under its 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended (the “Plan”). The weighted average grant date fair value of the restricted stock was $14.84 per share. The grant date fair value of these awards was $2.7 million, which will be charged to expense over the next four years as the restrictions lapse. Compensation expense for restricted stock awards was determined based on the closing market price of the Company’s stock on the date of grant applied to the total number of shares that are anticipated to fully vest. Recipients of restricted stock awards are entitled to vote such shares and are entitled to dividends, if paid. During the nine months ended June 30, 2016, the Company also issued 69,300 nonqualified stock options under the Plan. The options issued are based upon three tiers, each with separate market and service based vesting conditions. Market based vesting conditions are based on achieving a specified market return on the Company’s stock price. Compensation expense for the nonqualified stock option awards was determined based on a Monte Carlo simulation, which incorporates the possibility that the market conditions may not be satisfied. The weighted average grant date fair value of the options issued was determined to be $5.96 per option resulting in unrecognized compensation costs of $0.4 million, which will be charged to expense over the requisite service period of the options, ranging from 18 to 36 months. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had unrecognized compensation expense of $8.1 million relating to restricted stock awards. This unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.8 years. In addition, the Company had $0.3 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonqualified stock option awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.7 years. As of June 30,
. The objective of the mission is to develop guidance and mechanisms to strengthen knowledge management and capitalisation of projects and experiences, based on the Ministry of Education (MoE)-UNICEF cooperation experiences implemented during the period 2012-2016. This includes the development of a methodological guide (manual) and a training module to strengthen capacities at central and decentralised levels. We are very pleased to announce PROMAN has been awarded the contract for the provision of TA to the Development Cooperation Support Programme (PAC). The specific objective of this contract is to increase the technical capacities of the services of the National Authorizing Officer, the NAO and the technical ministries in order to improve project management in the framework of the cooperation between the Union of the Comoros and the EU. The project will start in April for a period of three years. This contract further consolidates PROMAN's position in the Indian Ocean Region with currently various other major projects ongoing: PASSOBA-Education (Madagascar), PROCOM (Madagascar), HRD (Seychelles), Biodiversity (IOC regional), Renewable Energy (IOC regional) and Islands II (IOC regional). The provision of TA to NAO services remains a core speciality of PROMAN, with ongoing projects in Guinea, Zambia and Swaziland. The consortium led by Particip, with PROMAN as partner has been successfully supporting the NAO services in Swaziland since December 2014. The project will be extended for another 20 months with project completion now scheduled end 2018. PROMAN will assist the Ministry of Education and Sports (MoES) in developing a costed 3-year action plan (2018-2020) for the Early Childhood Education (ECE) sub-sector plan. The costed action plan will be used by the MoES and development partners to support the planning, implementation and monitoring of the MoES annual work plans as well as the Education Sector Development Plan (ESDP) 2016-2020. PROMAN has been selected by the Evaluation Office UNICEF HQ, NY to undertake the formative evaluation of the Out-of-school-Children Initiative (OOSCI). OOSCI was launched in 2010 by UNICEF and the UNESCO Institute for Statistics (UIS). It aims to 'turn data into action' by developing detailed 'profiles' of out‐of‐school children, identify barriers that are pushing them out of school, and propose changes in partner government policies and strategies to address these barriers. Field visits are planned to Bangladesh, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Ethiopia, Indonesia, Kyrgyzstan, Sudan and Sri Lanka. PROMAN has been contracted by the EU Delegation to undertake a gender analysis. The gender analysis will provide an understanding of whether gender inequalities persist in Nigeria and its causes, how it intersects with other inequalities, how it impacts on human rights enjoyment and/or benefits produced by and access to development efforts. It will also provide an understanding of Nigeria's government's commitment and capacity to work on GEWE issues. The analysis will provide relevant and reliable information which the EU and Member States may use to (i) Prepare gender sensitive development response strategies and (ii) contribute to the political dialogue. The consortium led by PROMAN has been awarded a major contract for the provision of Technical Assistance in Support of the Education Sector in Sierra Leone. The purpose of this 4.1 M EUR contract is to provide the beneficiary country and in particular the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology (MEST), the Teaching Service Commission, selected district education offices and selected teacher colleges with technical assistance to deliver on strengthening of management capacity and provision of education services, in compliance with national education policies and targets. Technical assistance will be carried out by a team of 4 long-term key experts complemented with a pool of short/medium-term experts operating in Freetown and in other locations across the country over an implementation period of 30 months. Partners in the consortium are Palladium, Plan International and Redi4Change. PROMAN will provide the services of a Senior Border Management Expert in the team undertaking the Evaluation of EU support for Security Reform in enlargement and neighbourhood countries (2010-2016). PROMAN will assist UNICEF HQ in the production of the Education Annual Results Report for 2016. UNICEF's Annual Results Reports outline the organization's results against the Strategic Plan 2014–2017 to advance children's rights and equity in the areas of health; HIV and AIDS; water, sanitation and hygiene; nutrition; education; child protection; social inclusion; humanitarian action; and gender. The reports detail what UNICEF achieved in each outcome area, working with diverse partners at the global, regional and country levels, and examine the impact of these accomplishments on the lives of children and families worldwide. PROMAN has been awarded the contract for the Mid-term Review of the Programme to Support Pro-poor Policy Development (PSPPD) II. The programme contributes to improved policies, building systems and institutional capacity to reduce poverty and inequality through evidence-based policy-making. PROMAN is pleased to announce that the consortium consisting of AECOM International Development Europe (lead) and PROMAN, PAI, Democracy Essentials, Global Operational Support (partners) is of the 4 consortia retained on the EU funded Lot 1 Framework Contract for Support to Electoral Missions. The scope of lot 1 is to provide services (expertise, material and technical support) for Election Observation Missions (EOMs) and Election Assessment Team (EATs) missions which observe electoral processes in partner countries of Africa, Middle East, Asia, Latin America and the Pacific region. The maximum estimated budget for this two year FWC totals 215 000 000 EUR. PROMAN has been selected to undertake the institutional, organizational and functional audit of the National Institute for Pedagogic Training (INFP) and its regional centres (CRINFP). PROMAN in partnership with Lattanzio has been awarded the contract for the formulation of the 3rd phase of the EU Support Programme for the Implementation of the National Literacy Strategy (Alpha III). PROMAN will provide support to the EU Delegation on "Monitoring, assessment and support to EU and other donor funded Education and complementary programs by the Ministry of Education to deal with the Syria crisis". The contract is to run for a period of two years. PROMAN has been awarded the contract to provide Technical Assistance for the research on "Using Social Dialogue as a socio economic development tool". The specific objective of the assignment is to provide the European Commission (DEVCO B3) and the European Delegations with a reference document (orange publication): (i) Developing an understanding of Social Dialogue and the added-value of including its related mechanisms in development actions; and (ii) Identifying Social Dialogue good practices in technical cooperation projects that can provide operational guidance on how to best include it and support it in future actions. PROMAN will assist the Government of Angola on the identification and formulation of the 11th EDF higher education support programme. The assignment will include a detailed review of the sector. PROMAN has been contracted by DFID to support the Donor Coordination Unit at the Ministry of Education (MOE) to develop and finalise one common results framework for delivery of quality formal education for Syrian refugee children. The work will be carried out in close coordination with key donors (Canada, EU, Germany, Norway, US and UK). PROMAN has been awarded the contract for the provision of specialized sector expertise on the formulation of EU support in the field of communication and audio-visual in Morocco. PROMAN is very pleased to inform that its bid on the development of a Human Resource Development Strategy for the Seychelles has been successful. The overall objective of the assignment, which will be undertaken in partnership with the Centre for Employment Initiatives (UK) and Edge Consulting (Mauritius) and will last one year, is to develop a HRD strategy for the next 5 years in order to transform the knowledge and skills base, diversify the economy and address the skills and expertise gaps. This contract reinforces PROMAN's position in the Indian Ocean region. Other major ongoing projects include PASSOBA-Education (Madagascar), PROCOM (Madagascar), Renewable Energy (IOC), Biodiversity (IOC) and Islands II (IOC). PROMAN in association with Lattanzio Advisory has been contracted by the EU Delegation to conduct a Gender Audit of EU bilateral cooperation in Cambodia. The gender audit should (i) measure how gender mainstreaming has been implemented in ongoing EU bilateral projects and programmes; (ii) identify good practices and provide specific recommendations (possibly including gender indicators) for each project as appropriate to improve gender equality and inclusion; and (iii) provide analysis and recommendations that will inform and trigger debate around gender mainstreaming in EU cooperation. PROMAN has been selected to conduct the final evaluation of the EU funded project "Supporting Technical and Vocational Education and Training Reform in Pakistan (TVET II). The work will be undertaken by a team of four experts over a period of 6 months. The consortium led by PROMAN has been successfully providing assistance to promote education quality and educational services in 9 regions of Madagascar since early 2013. Early August a new contract was signed extending the TA till end October 2017, the expert team now consisting of 13 long term key experts, and bringing the total value of TA services to 8.650.000 EUR. PROMAN has been awarded the contract for the Interim Evaluation of Employment and Vocational Education Training (EVET) and to measure the feasibility of EU's further support for education, focused on Lifelong Learning. PROMAN has been awarded the contract for the Evaluation of the UNESCO/EU Expert facility on the governance of culture in developing countries. The overall objective of the Expert
mixture of occasional rainfall, hot summer & even pleasant atmosphere with low heat & humidity. The whole town was encircled with the backwaters of the rivers. With such a classic whether there was also a short coming which could wipe out the whole town. The tornado’s quite regularly hit the surrounding towns so the impact of it would hit this small town too. Owing to the increasing trouble of these the people had started to flee from here. While there were people in towns who were the survivors of these who took shelter in this town. Today two different people both who were survivors of the same town moved into this new place but both were strangers & poles apart. One was calm & patient while the other was fierce & impatient but both were always inevitable & destructive in nature if meddled with, with a slight deviation, the calm one had the ability to choose either go ahead & wreck everything but the fierce person didn’t had that choice once a step taken forward has to feel the burnt. Even if these two people’s ways were different and always repulsive in nature, they both were away from their people it was a test of survival for them in this place. They had none to share what they felt, none to listen to their talks, none to see their pain hidden in their heart. But destiny could not stop itself posing them infront of each other. He, who was fire and she, who was water did face each other will they ever overcome there obstacles & blend in one another without terminating the other. Seeing is believing is said for the human sense sight but at this time of the day when darkness is all you could see around and light is something alien and hard to visualise what is there in front of you that doesn’t mean you are lost or blind? Just like everyone my other senses come to my rescue. Exactly now when I cannot see anything through my eyes I could hear the roars of the ocean everytime it hit the banks indicating I am standing right infront of the vast expanse of the ocean. Petrichor, the scent of rain filled my lungs predicting the approaching rain, the touch of which would cease my burning but I am not ready to taste the freedom from this fire. In addition to these I know how to eradicate the darkness as I have the capacity to turn on the light even at the darkest times of life. The rain can come down to the earth anytime and I have to take shelter before that but still I wait at the banks waiting for the darkness to break into dawn. This has been my routine from past week to sprint around the seashore of this sea at the darkest hour before the dawn and wait for the moment of darkness breaking into the dawn. To watch the sun to gain its position high in the sky, paint his colors over the world showing his supremacy to kill darkness of life. It is not only the sun but also me who feels that has spread my color all over the world. Slowly the sun made its way out of his den painting the whole sky bright redish yellow with its rays. Consuming the gloomy night and spreading the light bringing new hope & a beginning of bright fresh life. Once I had witnessed the magnificent sight of sunrise my concentration went towards my sense which had alerted about the approaching rain. But now there was no sign of it, that left me astonished as rain is one thing I just hate it and my senses have never been wrong in identifying them. Leaving that thought aside I make my way back to the hostel which has become my new home from where I will have to attend my first day of my master’s classes today. Not before I had turned my eyes get struck to the sight of a girl in bluish white suit running away something was there about her unknown which made me watch her till she disappeared from my vision. I have been coming here from past 5 days but never did I saw any girl at this time of the hour. She did turn back once but I could not see her face. Just then I heard my cell beep reminding me of the time & I headed back still I couldn’t stop myself to watch at the way she ran off. Some things never change every where the seniors welcoming the juniors especially in there own innovative way. I had just entered the gates of my college when a group of people naming themselves as seniors blocked my way. They were many more already in queues who were dancing as puppets of seniors. I had a strong urge to teach them a good lesson but I couldn’t just barge in and destruct everything but that would only catch the attention of everyone. Now itself I can feel many eyes on me, that always annoy me. Against my wishes I simply follow there orders to stand in the queue and wait for my turn to come. Just then there was absolute silence as everyone’s attention was on the entrance maybe another junior’s who are trying to dorge away from these ragging session? But No. when I look at the entrance I could only see a beautiful mesmerising alluring blue eyes of the girl, they captivated me in its pools as deep as oceans that I can get lost in them. It was a picture painted in blue theme, every essence of her oozed as serene beauty. I could no longer see the world around me just her only; everything around her seems to vanish away from my view. As if in the whole world it is you and me alone, with my every breath, with my every heartbeat clearly wanting to be with you. Her earrings kissed her cheeks everytime she kept walking her bangles made sounds of waves in the ocean which was matching her light blue & white mixed dress. Is she the same one whom I saw in the beach today, looks like she is as even at that time she wored the same dress, the same gait, the same care free strides. Today I felt like I got a whole new world to live in. I don’t know when my legs take me away from the crowd towards the object of my interest but I was pulled back by something. When I turn to see what that was I saw it was the guy next to me who pulled me back, he was saying something which I failed to hear it. I turned back my gaze to her; she was not there; I turn around everywhere only to find her in front of those seniors. I moved in a way to have clear view of her face without any interruption. Her eyes had a gleam of naughtiness which I didn’t know for what. I felt another nudge in my hand to jolt me into the reality. It was again the same guy but now I heard him say “Man, what are you doing come back and stand here, don’t mess with seniors. See how these girls got them in trouble.” The word Girls made me look at them again to find another girl beside her. All of them were watching her ignoring the pleasant beauty of mine. They were questioning them, that is when I got to know her name is Geet & the girl whom I just noticed her name is Pari. Geet, the name rang in my ears inveigling my heart with unknown bliss. Such a melodious name she has got that I could only hear and speak her name throughout the remaining life of mine. My heart was showing its presence more than ever with her first visual itself, weaving many desires which could bind me into something which I never was bound to. Thoughts are flying high freeing it self from the strings of my mind. Spirit is flowing in a direction which it had never crossed but it surged without bothering about any hindrance. Wish I could just embrace this moment in myself, to witness a new facet of the dreams. Her eyes were revealing more than she could every voice out surprising me at the things which it could conceal. I was eager to be with her which made my heart to live. Dilon mein tum apni betabiyan leke chal rahe ho. My revive was broken when the guy next to me was biting his nails in nervousness as he was worried for the girl next to Geet, as he was muttering “Please God save Pari from these ragging’s” but what I saw actually amazed me as that girl Pari stood fearless while my Geet stood behind her hiding herself from the situation. Such a contrary thing it was happening I was not scared for Geet as I knew she could come out the situation without any help where as the guy next to me was praying for Pari while the girls were doing just the opposite. But Geet’s eyes shone bright, calm & undeterred confidence trickled in her every stir though she portrayed as fearful infront of everyone. She held on to the facade of a timid girl duping around the others. Her face can deceive everyone but her eyes couldn’t as they told every story of hers. She was not a meek girl, none could scrum her into doing things against her wishes, but why does she have to do things like that. Apparently the situation in the hand was the senior’s portrayed themselves as generous enough to give us the option to whether we want to get ragged or not. Well that was not a real option though as a person would be asked to light the candle once they did it they would say since you have lighted it that means you have accepted to be ragged. So now the candle was placed in the middle of the stand and the girls were asked to light that. I was more interested to see the play as I read her eyes which had the mischievous glint in it. And just I guessed the fun started Geet’s face turned was something everyone could not miss as it turned pale with fear and she clutched Pari’s hand & fainted next second. For a second even I got worried but then the wink confirmed all my doubts. Getting the clue Pari played along shouting “Geet…….what happened Geet…get up… get up…. Please someone get some water.” After a while she stood drawing everyones attention to herself. When the seniors questioned her, the reply just shook
and end of the season. Lloyd Ruby won the season-ending race in 1964, long after Foyt had wrapped up the championship. Sadly, top-driver Bobby Marshman lost his life after a crash at Phoenix while tire testing there in late November of 1964 – just a few days after the race. Some of the biggest names in racing have won at Phoenix. Aside from the aforementioned Foyt and Ruby; names like Don Branson, Jim McElreath, Mario Andretti, Gary Bettenhausen, Al Unser, Swede Savage, Bobby Unser, Gordon Johncock, Johnny Rutherford, Tom Sneva, Rick Mears, Bobby Rahal, Michael Andretti, Arie Luyendyk, Emerson Fittipaldi, Helio Castroneves, Tony Kanaan and also the immortal name of Jim Guthrie – they’ve all won at Phoenix. All kidding aside; except for Guthrie – that’s a very impressive list that reads like a Who’s Who of Indy car racing. Phoenix was reconfigured in 2010, mostly to handle the much heavier stock cars that prefer higher banking. The front straightaway was widened and the banking was slightly increased and converted to progressive banking. This will be the last time the track looks the way it does now. Next year, the seating will be completely different and the start/finish line will be between Turn One and the dogleg which is in what is currently called the backstretch. By moving the start/finish line, the numbering of the turns will be different as well. But the biggest question looming over this weekend is whether or not IndyCar will even be back next year. This is the third year that IndyCar has returned to the 1.022 mile oval in the desert. If I’m not mistaken, the current contract was a three-year deal. Track owner, ISC – a sister company to NASCAR, has a history of not being patient while IndyCar tries to build attendance at some of their tracks. Watkins Glen and Fontana have given IndyCar two chances at their tracks and the plug was recently pulled for the second time at both tracks. If this weekend’s race is poorly attended, will that be it for Phoenix? If so, it hardly seems fair. The date has been juggled since the series returned in 2016. It was early April two years ago, then due to the Final Four being in Phoenix last year, it was moved to later in the month. This year it returns to what is hoped to be a new traditional slot for many years to come. But in order for that to happen, attendance must improve. For attendance to improve, fans need to be given a reason to come out. Quite frankly, the last two races at Phoenix have not given fans a reason to come out or return. To be kind, they have been snoozers. To be blunt, they have been stinkers. The previous car in the aero kit era had so many wings and winglets all over them, they created a ton of turbulence in their wake. In short, it was very difficult for anyone to pass. The result was two years of boring one-mile processions. Experts last year told us that the new car would be much more racy at Phoenix. What we saw during February testing at Phoenix suggested otherwise. I’m telling myself that it was a test when everyone was trying to emerge unscathed and that the race will be much different. Let’s hope so. The Verizon IndyCar Series can’t stand another clunker at Phoenix. They need a good race that will have everyone talking just like the race at St. Petersburg did four weeks ago. If they can see at least a decent crowd tomorrow night and a good race, the series may see a fourth year in a row at Phoenix. If Saturday night’s race is a dud, this might be it at Phoenix for a while and that would be a shame. IndyCar needs to be at Phoenix. It is one of those tracks like Indianapolis and Milwaukee that is in the DNA of the series. It didn’t upset me that much when Watkins Glen fell off the schedule last year, because IndyCar doesn’t have a long history there. Since 1979, IndyCar has only run eleven races in that thirty-eight year span. Tomorrow night will be the sixty-eighth IndyCar race at ISM Raceway since 1964. That’s a lot of history at one track to not be allowed to come back after the sixty-ninth. My hope is a good race with a lot of twists and turns, to make people have to catch their breath when it’s over. One thing that might bring people out is the celebration of Mario Andretti’s last IndyCar win. It took place twenty-five years ago in 1993 at Phoenix. Part of the celebration is the car that his grandson Marco Andretti will run, will have a livery very similar to Mario’s Texaco-Havoline Newman/Haas car from 1993. The car looks good and a tip of the hat needs to go to Marco’s sponsor Oberto. They have allowed the team to deviate from their colors and logos in order to replicate Mario’s 1993 winner as closely as possible. So who will win this sixty-ninth edition tomorrow night? Sébastien Bourdais was an early out last year at Phoenix, but that was no fault of his. Mikhail Aleshin decided to dive-bomb the field going into Turn Two. Bourdais was an innocent victim. I have to think that he’ll do well tomorrow night. My guess is that Team Penske will not stay silent two races in a row. Simon Pagenaud won here last season as Penske cars dominated the race. I’m going with last year’s season champ Josef Newgarden. He was rather quiet last month at St. Petersburg on his way to a seventh-place finish. I have an idea that Newgarden, nor his teammates, will not stay quiet two races in a row. I expect the defending series champion to come out swinging. Josef Newgarden will win the Desert Diamond West Valley Phoenix Grand Prix (that’s a mouthful) tomorrow night. After this race, things get going for real. Next weekend the series travels to Long Beach, and two weeks from now they will be at one of my favorite tracks, Barber Motorsports Park in Leeds, Alabama – just east of Birmingham. After an off-weekend, there is the open test at IMS on April 30, which I may or may not be attending. Then the Month of May kicks off on Friday May 11 for practice for the IndyCar Grand Prix. Four days of practice on the IMS oval will be followed by two days of qualifying for the Indianapolis 500. The next weekend will be the 102nd Running of the Indianapolis 500. Then the series goes to Belle Isle and Texas before earning the next break in mid-June. By then the four-week stretch we just went through with no racing will be a distant memory. After our teaser in March, I feel like IndyCar season is finally here for good. It’s about time! This entry was posted on April 6, 2018 at 4:04 am and is filed under IndyCar.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. Probably one of the most anticipated races of the season for me. I think this race will be a true test of the new aero kit, if it puts on a good race here it’s a strong sign they got things right. I watched the ’93 Phoenix race yesterday and there was more passing in the first 25 laps than the last two IndyCar Phoenix races combined and even though the entire field was a lap down by lap 50 every minute of the race was thrilling and exciting. We need some of that magic tomorrow night. My favorite bit of Marco’s tribute paint scheme is the use of Circle K essentially in place of K Mart. Dig those red Ks. I’m looking forward to this one if only for the mystery of how the new kit will race. I actually thought the test had a few moments where the cars looked to be racing more competitively than they did the last two years. I thought an Oberto was a good cigar. Turns out it is a good sausage. I’m looking forward to other sponsorships of this genre. I am about to become an octogenarian. It would bring me (and A.J.) a great deal of happiness to see him do well over there in the desert Saturday. It has become apparent to me that I will likely not outlast Mr. Anthony Joseph Foyt Jr. and I may get black flagged in my sleep some night. With that in mind, I attached one of those IMS grandstand seats to my Acorn Stair Lift. Then I put Led Zeppelin’s “Stairway to Heaven” on my turntable, or the sounds of a Novi or Offenhauser, and ride up to bed each night. True dat. Congrats Ron on your upcoming birthday. Just watched Quali and Mr. Foyt looks well after his bee encounter. Thank you young lady. I also watched Quali and Mr. Foyt does indeed look well. I think the race tomorrow will be very interesting and fun to watch. This is a track that Seb can do well on, so he is my pick. I watched him run away and hide from the rest of the field at the Milwaukee Mile a few years ago. Milwaukee is a track with the same degree of difficulty as Phoenix. I was thrilled for Seb. Here’s to him to have a great day out there tonight. I think it more than cool that Paul Newman’s daughter Clea
in 2014. #4: We’ve lived with my in-laws. A lot. In America, the ultimate badge of adulthood is having your own place, separate from mom and dad. Well, the most embarrassing thing I could mention on this list is the fact that we’ve lived in the same house as my in-laws – for long periods of time. Even now, we divide our time between an apartment in Hangzhou and their home. Heck, they added an entire suite to the house just for my husband and me, which proves how welcoming they are. It’s worlds away from America. I can guarantee you that if I asked my American friends and classmates, none of them would say that their parents or in-laws renovated their homes so they could live together. It’s just not done there. As embarrassing as it is to admit this, I have to confess I’m also grateful. This suite they’ve provided us is symbolic of the incredible support they’ve given me and my husband. Life isn’t always easy for John and me. But knowing that we have a couple of incredibly loving parents behind us – willing to do things that I’m a little embarrassed to talk about – makes the hard times a little more bearable. If you’re all grown up, is there anything you’re embarrassed that your parents or in-laws still do for you? LOL, you do laundry like Andy. Except I’m willing to bet that you really do forget to collect it from the washer, whereas I suspect Andy “forgets” so I will finish doing the laundry for him. Only problem is that he sometimes forgets to tell me he put in laundry while I’m gone and it sits in the washer for days. MILDEWING! I don’t get red envelopes. 🙁 Jealous. Wow… it’s great you have so supportive in-laws. But I don’t think I could handle someone else doing my laundry and cooking. When my Filipino husband and I first got married, my sister-in-law kept taking over the cooking – she wouldn’t let me do it and she wouldn’t teach me how to cook Filipino dishes. This left me feeling totally useless as a wife, because I wanted to fulfill the role of taking care of my husband (an important element of the culture here). When we moved out and built our own home things radically changed for the better. We now have privacy and can really relax together. But each to his own of course! You have done really well to adjust to such a profoundly different environment to that in America. Thanks for sharing Hope! It was an adjustment — and as you say, it’s certainly not for everyone. True that, typical Chinese parents, last time my girlfriend and I visited my parents , they took care of almost everything(of course, I, as an “typical” Chinese kid, was and still am used to that), and before we left, she tried to give my girlfriend somethinkg like 5000 yuan. Wow, that sounds a lot like my in-laws! You’re lucky to have such wonderful in-laws, especially with your mother-in-law cooking three meals a day. I don’t have any trouble having someone wash my clothes. When I visit my youngest daughter (the cleanest one in the family) she washes my clothes with hers and brings them back to me folded. That is sweet your in-laws were so welcoming. Hey Jocelyn, great post as always! Just wanted to let you know I have also nominated you for the Blogger Recognition Award – thanks for being the grandmistress of AMWF blogs and thanks for introducing me to all the wonderful WWAMs in this world! Aw, thanks for the nomination Laura, I’m so touched! Yeah, it is great to be connected to all of these fabulous WWAMs! I share the four points with you, Jocelyn!(and it is, indeed, somewhat embarrassing). I see now that many Chinese in laws will do whatever it takes to spoil us. My father in law, for example, will sometimes go out early in the mornings to get us something delicious for breakfast, as well as 火龙果 for me (my favourite fruit and utterly tasteless when I buy it imported in my country). He cleans, sweeps the floors, and generally keeps the house neat and spotless. He’s like a cleaning hurricane, leaving no trace of the toys/crayons of our kids. My mother in law, on the other hand, locks herself in the unbearably hot kitchen (in an already unbearably hot Nanjing) and cooks healthy meals, as well as doing other housework and taking care of my brother in law’s little boy. Never, not even once, do they complain to anybody nor ask for gratitude. They fully sacrifice themselves in the most discrete way, but the effect of their actions is greater, like a sort of domestic “为无为”. We’ll be in China for the summer, ready to be spoilt rotten again (I feel guilty for that, already). Your in-laws sound so much like mine. (My father-in-law loves getting up early to buy tofu at the local market!) My mother-in-law is the epitome of sacrifice. Everything she does is for family and it’s extraordinary. Have fun during your summer in China! My wife’s parents had long since passed away when we married, and her second mother lived with her fifth younger brother, so there was never a parent’s home in the countryside. However, that never prevented the rest of the family showing us hospitality similar to that you describe. When we went to fifth younger sister’s home in a compound for retired military, third younger brother’s home in Alhambra, fourth younger brother’s home in Monterey Park, or our “ch’in chia (qin jia)” stepson’s wife’s parent’s home high up on the slopes of Kuan Yin Shan outside of Taipei, everyone went well out of their way to see that we were comfortable and well fed, and that I was never left out of the conversation with the language changed from Mandarin to Minnan. Our experience in China is a reflection on Western and American ideas of the individual and the community. A lot of the angst of young Americans may start with the separation anxiety forced upon us by our culture, that pushes us apart instead of drawing us in together, and by the pounding refrain of compete, compete, compete, which early on sets us against one another (Chinese usually wait until they get into business). Western philosophy’s preoccupation with the individual over the group, existence before essence, alters our social relations everywhere we turn. Chinese would just laugh at Sartre and tell us the essence and existence go together. Don’t be embarrassed about all this. Step back far enough to see both cultures in clear perspective. And next time post about all the things you have discovered you can do to return their kindness to your family. You are blessed to be experiencing “essence” together with “existence.” Enjoy. James, thank you so much for the thoughtful comment. How lovely that your wife’s family has been so hospitable towards you. You make a good point — you have to wonder if America has it wrong in pushing kids out so early. Great care from parents never end in China. But some time that leads to downfall of self-care ability of their children. Never grown up even in college. Looks like another Western woman joined the club here. Thanks AG. Yes, there’s a balance to be sure. Thank you also for sharing the news of the couple! I think it’s interesting that somehow it is part of Chinese hospitality, right? Also, has to do with being family as well. Parents are still there to try to “help” you out. I do agree of the embarrassment when your mother-in-law finishes your laundry. It’s the same embarrassment I felt last year when my dad cleaned my bedroom at home when I lived at school. or when my dad folds all the laundry in the laundry room, including mine. T-T (only does this when he’s tired of how messy the laundry room is. I can’t accept money, maybe gifts. Every time my friend and I talk on the phone I argue with him and tell him I don’t want him to pay for my round-trip flight from SH to CQ and he’s telling me no worries. I eventually gave up. I think it’s more of a mutual benefit, you help them out and they help you out, it’s beneficial. Jocelyn, I have been following your blog for some time now. Remember, I emailed you last year that I had read every single posts on your blog. I’m not surprised that John’s family has been so helpful and hospitable towards you. You deserve it. P/S There are meaty posts of substance on your blog; from yourself and other bloggers. Thank you so much for the share. I also enjoyed your post on 5 things you leart from the Chinese countryside etc. Life’s simplest pleasures. LOL. So true! My parents still do our laundry, do all the dishes and cook for us whenever we visit them. They do the same when they come to visit us. Only exception is the laundry since they are not familiar with the washing machine we use. My mom always say, “you don’t know how I clean dishes! I like it my way.” It’s tiring to argue with her. The money thing also. They always try to give us money. I was like, “Mom, we are the one making money now!” oh well…. guess it’s a good problem to have! Your inlaws are so sweet! They feel like it’s their duty to their son. I had the same experience when I was married to “Cai” in that my inlaws sacrificed their happiness and well-being to drop everything to help us in the US. They kept telling me it’s their duty. I know it helped us out a ton. But my mom also went way above and beyond
the desired S/N performance, and on a minimum fm carrier frequency that prevents fold-over of the side frequencies. The final choice resulted in a 4.5-Mc fm carrier frequency with significant sideband frequencies extending from 0.2 Mc to 8Mc. The 8-Mc bandwidth required that the relative speed between tape and head exceed a minimum value determined by the magnetic head gap-length. Since head gap-length could not conveniently be made less than 40 microinches (0.000040 inch), a tape speed of 1,180 ips was used; at this speed, 6 miles of tape are required to provide 5 minutes of recording time. Because of the requirement for multiple channels, longitudinal recording was chosen. The basic design criteria for the tape recorder were established, based on a consideration of signal-to-noise, gain tracking, gain linearity, bandwidth and multiple channel capability. Satisfying the requirements for velocity stability and interchannel jitter depended to a large extent on the mechanical perfection of the tape transport and the performance of the servo speed control. The main elements of the transport are shown in Fig. 3. The recorder components are assembled to a jig plate which is accurately aligned and attached to a rigid frame to assure a precise tape path. The complete assembly is shock-mounted within its cabinet. The 5-minute recording requirement resulted in 30-inch-diameter reels weighing 50 pounds and containing 6 miles of 1.1-mil magnetic tape plus 2,500 feet of clear leader at each end. The tape is accelerated to full recording speed in 60 seconds and is stopped in the same time. The reels are equipped with quick-disconnect knobs to facilitate fast reloading and permit uninterrupted recording with two transports. Tape guides and tensioners are air lubricated so that frictional contact to the tape occurs only at the capstan edge-guide and at the magnetic heads. Remote control of recording, subsequent repeated playbacks, and rewinds dictated that the tape remain threaded and taut during and following each run. To accomplish this, programmed acceleration and deceleration cycles were employed at the start and end of the tape runs. A length of clear polyester leader is attached to each end of the tape; transitions from clear leader to tape are sensed photoelectrically to initiate the program. The capstan-head assembly of Fig. 4 is designed for quick replacement by utilizing an air manifold which automatically seals upon installation of the capstan. Two blocks of magnetic heads, one an 8-track and the other a 7-track are supplied by the RCA Broadcast and Communication Products Division. Heads are prealigned on arms for fast replacement once initial adjustment of the head arm support has been made. To achieve constant tape speed, the capstan assembly employs an air-turbine drive and hydrostatic air bearings. Capstan speed is sensed by a tone wheel and controlled by a hysteresis brake; both are integral parts of the capstan shaft. To minimize longitudinal vibrations, the tape is stabilized by making simultaneous contact with both the capstan and the heads. Since the tape is not perfectly smooth nor of uniform thickness, it is necessary to relieve the capstan surface behind the area where the heads contact the tape. The velocity stability specification of 1 part in 105 imposes a severe runout requirement on the capstan assembly; the angular velocity generates flutter components of 87cps and higher multiples which are above the bandwidth of the capstan-servo correction capability. Therefore, the dynamic runout of the capstan must be held to less than 20 microinches; it is done by using the ultimate in precision grinding, hand lapping, and dynamic balancing. An additional benefit in reducing the effects of capstan runout is derived from depressing the heads into the tape a*bove the capstan grooves; thus, the heads may be firmly positioned at a fixed radius from the rotational axis of the capstan. Head contact pressure is controlled by a very precise adjusting screw which advances the head only 5 mils per revolution. Pressure applied is measured as an increment of the capstan hysteresis brake current. Mechanical resonances throughout the tape path produce variations in tape tension, resulting in minute (but not inconsequential) variations in tape velocity at the capstan. Such variations can be caused by improper tape guide design, or by insufficient damping where resonant systems exist in the tape path, as at the tape tensioners. Since these effects are not necessarily uniform, or in-phase across the width of the tape, they produce the undesirable effect defined in the specifications as "phase jitter." The allowable phase jitter between signals (recorded half the width of the tape apart) is ±20 nsec; this corresponds to roughly a differential displacement of 24 microinches. 4) precise alignment of all tape guides. Compressed air, supplied by a remote unit at 100-psi nominal pressure, operates the transport. Air is oil free and dried to -40°F dew point. Outlet air-supply filters and filters at the air inlets to the cabinet and to the capstan air-bearing line protect the air-pressure regulating valves and the close-fitting capstan bearings. In the event of a compressor failure, a reserve air supply brings the transport to a safe halt. Pressure-sensitive switches are set a few pounds below the lower limit of the normal pressure variation range of the air supply. When the air-supply pressure falls below a predetermined value, turbine air is cut off and the transport goes into its programmed stopping cycle. Mechanical brakes on the reel spindles stop the reels quickly to minimize tape spillage in the event of a power failure or loss of tape tension. Each tape reel is belt driven by a two-phase 400-cps induction motor and controlled by an independent servo system. The control signal for the reel servo loop is obtained from the tape sensor device nearest the particular reel involved (see Fig. 3). The stator of the induction potentiometer is excited by an AC reference supply and produces an error signal proportional to the velocity error of the tape at the reel. The Ac-induced voltage in the rotor, which is the error signal, is amplified and applied to a carrier-referenced demodulator; then, the dc output of this circuit is used to drive the operational amplifier shown in Fig. 5. An additional feedback loop is provided by an AC tachometer on the servo motor shaft. The 400-cps signal is demodulated to dc to make it compatible with the tape error signal; it is easier to realize the proper stability networks in the dc domain, and AC quadrature problems are completely eliminated - providing a more stable design with less effort. The tachometer feedback signal is combined with the tape speed-error signal in a summing operational amplifier to compensate for the non-linearity of the magnetic amplifiers which are as the servo power amplifiers. The summing operational amplifier output is the servo control signal used to drive the magnetic amplifier; the magnetic amplifier controls the 400-cps power supplied to the reel servo motor. The capstan servo drives the tape with highly precise speed control by two servo loops: one a frequency lock, and the other a phase comparison control to obtain high sensitivity (Fig. 6). Pulses derived from the capstan tone wheel and proportional to tape speed are passed through a 400-usec delay line; capstan speed is varied by the servo until the pulse frequency corresponds with the delay of the line. The 400-usec delay line is equivalent to a tone-wheel frequency of 2,500 pps (this servoing of the capstan speed to near synchronous value is called a frequency lock). When a frequency lock occurs, the phase of the reference 2,500 pps begins to zero beat with the tone wheel; thus, a phase error is produced which adjusts the capstan speed to a full phase lock. The phase detector producing the speed-control signal is extremely sensitive; the slightest change of capstan tone-wheel frequency results in a considerable phase error. Once the capstan servo is locked in, complete control of the speed is maintained by the phase loop. The basic speed control of the capstan driving the tape is obtained by applying air pressure to the capstan turbine. The turbine air pressure would drive the capstan at a speed much higher than needed; however, the servo controlled hysteresis brake reduces it to the desired value. The capstan speed is locked to a crystal oscillator by servoing the tone wheel during the record mode. During the playback mode, the control track, a recorded 2,500-pps reference frequency standard, is servoed to the same crystal oscillator. The slight difference between the capstan speed and the tape speed is removed by this playback servo technique. Electronically variable delay lines are used in those channels requiring additional velocity refinement corrections to the radar data (Fig. 7). The technique of comparing the playback of a recorded 2,500-pps crystal clock with the same crystal clock and using the resultant error voltage to drive the capstan cancels out all low-frequency speed variations of the tape. However, this method does not remove high-frequency components of speed variation resulting from such sources as capstan asymmetry and high-frequency tape flutter. The capstan turns at 87 cps and introduces Fourier series tape-speed components 174 and 261 cps in both record and playback modes; such components cannot be servoed out because of the limited response of the capstan. To remove the effects of the capstan asymmetry and other speed deviations, electronically variable delay lines are inserted into all channels that need precision speed stabilization; a control voltage advances and delays each channel of data in order to make the tape information appear to be coming from a perfectly constant speed tape. The control of these electronically variable delay lines is accomplished with the closed-reference automatic-time-correction (atc) loop of Fig.
caused by TOM which finally came on Friday, so hoping that by staying on target next weeks weigh in will be at least 265. Now that it is the weekend I have to be especially strong because at least during the week I have routine because of work that help keeps me on track. The carnival is also in town and we took the kiddo last night and she had a blast, I had worked yesterday to make sure I had enough cals left and had a great workout so I didn't feel guilty having a corn dog, which I order the small one and that was more than enough to satisfy the craving. On the way out of the carnival the family wanted deep fried oreo's which are just as horrific for you as they sound, but we always get them, just happens this year I am trying to lose weight, but we still got them and I had one so that is over and done with. Kiddo wants to go back today and I will take her since she has some tickets left but not getting any food today, but we might if we get in a really good workout get an ice cream cone. I decided I am not going to get rid of all the things in my life that I enjoy, I just have to learn to moderate and to workout to burn it off. I have cut out a lot of the unnecessary crud that is so harmful and I have started eating breakfast and lunch and snacks through out the day instead of waiting until I get home and then binge until the time I go to bed. Those little changes alone are making the difference. It is going to be a slow weight loss, but I have lost the weight very fast before and gained every pound back and then some. So just making lifestyle changes and just taking care of me for a change. Last edited by jenfett; 06-04-2011 at 11:22 AM. Glad you were able to maintain through a rough weekend. I hope you get your new siggy tomorrow. Yay I was able to set up my signature today!! Little things make me happy. Down 7 lbs since last Saturday! I know some of that is water so I was happy that I made it to my weekly goal! Had a great week I stayed on track. I went to the gym everyday and had wonderful workouts! I did not binge at all, I have made it through 12 days without a slip up at all! My daughter and I walked in Relay for Life yesterday afternoon, we couldn't stay the entire day and night because my daughter is only 6 and it was super hot so we were out there for 4 and a 1/2 hours and we clocked in 6 miles which is wonderful and we had a wonderful time. Next year we plan on being there start to finish so we will build up to it over the next year. Life is good, I have changed a lot mentally over the past month and it has made a difference. I am so much more happier than I have been in a very long time and when momma is happy, everyone is happy LOL I am half way to my first mini goal and once I get there I will do a week of maintenance. Maybe two weeks. To make sure I can stay at that weight before I take it to another level so I can knock off the next 30 lbs. I am hoping by doing this I won't hit that dreaded wall that I always seem to hit. Since I did Relay yesterday (which Saturday is my normal break day) today I am resting, my body aches a bit today so I am going to relax and rest and be ready to hit hard again tomorrow! wow.. you have already committed (hardest part for me). its just going to get better from here ! "Official weigh in week 5" Made it through the week very well, worked out every single day and stayed on plan and didn't have any slip ups in meals. I can tell already that my heart and lungs are getting much stronger because I am able to to go a full 35 minutes on the elliptical now and I know I could go longer but my lunch breaks are only an hour and I have to shower because I do get very sweaty. I am able to work with my heartrate around 146 to 150 for 30 of those minutes so I know I am getting healthier regardless of what the scales say. I have had a pretty crappy day but have been on my feet since 7am taking care of my kids first case and hopefully the last case of lice, I was livid to find out they don't do screenings in school any more because it "hurts the kids feelings" when they get sent home with lice, so instead now they let them just run a muck and don't tell anyone or even find out when there is an outbreak. But after spending 5 hours working on her hair (she has very long and thick hair) I then cleaned everything on the top floor of the house and have washed all of the bedding and pretty much all of the clothes again. On top of that I got an abscessed tooth yesterday and have been dealing with that as well. The positive thing is that I stayed very busy today and got loads of exercise cleaning the house. I will finish the laundry and clean the bottom floor tomorrow and I have to wash and vacuum the car to make sure there are no buggies in there. I know that it happens to just about every kid, I just hate it LOL. Anywho that's my weekly update. Seriously wanting to give up today, it was a really crappy weekend and I feel like why flippin bother anymore. Just having a blue day I guess and hoping that when I go to the gym at lunch it will snap me out of my funk. Just feeling used anymore so why should I try and make myself better, no one gives a real damn anyways. The answer to that question I know is, that I give a damn and that I am doing this for myself. I am just tired. Tired of trying and doing and doing it all. Maybe instead of the elliptical I need to do boxing workouts LOL. Anywho I had to get that off my chest so I can stop brooding and just move on with the day. Well thankfully I pulled myself out of my funk yesterday. I did make it to the gym for a really good workout but it was funny because I got to the gym and quickly realized that I had forgotten my socks and well in the mood that I was already in I for a split second thought about not working out and just going back up to my desk but I was like, no I have to do this, so I did my workout without my socks and was so glad that I did because it just helped me get over myself and the feelings that I was having and to just get myself back on track. This journey is going to be a long slow and painful process but it just has to keep going. I have to completely accept that this is my lot in life and that even though it is not easy I have to do it and get healthy or it is going to be a short and miserable life. I seriously don't get it, and think my scales officially hate me. I have worked so hard this week and have been good on my food and I just don't understand why I have not lost anything, not even a pound. I am hoping that it is just because that I have had TOM again this week for the second time this month. I have decided that if the scales aren't moving something has to be changing so I took measurements of my whole body, or at least the parts I care about LOL I just wish I had done that when I started this process. So the embarrassing numbers are below and I will measure again next week. I have also increased my cardio workout to 40 minutes on the elliptical and I have been able to increase it to 3 miles total while maintaining a heart rate average of 150 for 30 of the 40 minutes. So I know I am getting stronger because I have to work harder to get my heart rate up and keep it up. I am also in the processing finding a new house, I viewed one last night and fell in love with it, but so did lots of other people so I am putting it out in the universe that if this is meant to be then it will happen and be easy. PLease be easy, I am tired of having to struggle through everything LOL. Man these numbers don't lie and sure do make me feel like a whale. But you know I honestly don't feel that way most of the time, most of the time I feel like I am smaller than I am, and I am ok until I look at a picture or I look in the mirror. It messes with my head sometimes but I haven't given up yet. If though I go through another week without any loss then I am going to have to change my food again and I don't know how much smaller I can on my food, because I need some food, I can't get by on just veggies lol. Anyways I have a ton to do this weekend with cleaning and packing and looking for houses ( just in case the one from last night falls through). So take care all and thank you for reading. Last edited by jenfett; 06-25-2011 at 10:40 AM. Well I let what usually happens happen...I let stress get in the way of what I was working towards. Lost all motivation, starting eating like crazy, and I didn't stop me, neither did anyone else. I even stopped coming here, actually I think the 25th of June was the last time I logged in. Its all in my head, I know, I just don't know how to deal with stress or not speaking my mind in any other way than hurting myself. It comes so
which is now at levels not seen in 30 years (when inflation rates hovered around 13% back in 1981). And while inflation may not yet be at 13%, it is bad. Not only do respondents to the Hackett study expect the rate of inflation for commodities overall to rise by more than 30%, to 6.3% a year, but commodity price volatility has increased nearly 60% since before the recession. Making matters worse, at the same time, due to the talent crunch, the rate for internal labor is expected to more than triple from 0.7% to 2.2% and the rate of inflation for external labor is expected to more than double from 1.2% to 3%. This entry was posted in Analyst, Economics on June 30, 2011 by thedoctor. Regular readers of SI will know the importance of good should-cost modeling (which is also great for negotiations) as well as good market intelligence (which has dimensions and is valuable in a down economy) in cost reduction and avoidance. And while both should-cost modelling and market intelligence have a number of critical requirements that must be met for success, they both have one key requirement in common — good data. But where do you get good data? Certainly not from supplier bids! A new supplier is going to bid what it thinks it can get, not what the actual price is. Market indices from governments and professional associations? Better, but they will typically be at least a month or so behind. Trade associations that track and monitor prices on a daily basis or stock markets that trade the commodity? Great — but do you have the IT skills to integrate the feeds? And are you going to do it for the dozens of raw materials and commodities you need to build your should cost models? To help their clients understand the data, Mintec provides a data analysis package, called Datagain, which can be used to import, graph, analyze, and compare different line items (such as the petrol price in the UK and the petrol price in Australia, normalized to US dollars). A user can graph any set of series, against any frequency, using any (currency and unit) converions, for any date range she chooses. She can also normalize or index this data using a custom formula, factor in seasonality, and plot trends. She can also break the series down across two or four graphs and/or plot specific subseries, against different projections, to see how the price might trend over time under different assumptions. The normalization / indexing equations can use all of the standard algebraic operators and be defined over any set of variables, including user defined variables, that the user chooses. If the user is not sophisticated at trend analysis, or does not want to do it, Mintec also offers Benchmarking and Market (Intelligence) Report services that do a deep dive into a particular raw material, commodity, or service that discuss recent, current, and projected pricing subject to the state of the market and the dominant factors at play. These, by request, reports complement the monthly market reports and commodity fact sheets that track the major commodities and markets and their relative month-over-month changes for buyers who want to look at the bigger picture. If the user wants to learn more about Datagain, analysis, and should-cost modeling, Mintec also provides on-demand out-of-the-box and customized training sessions as well as quarterly newsletters and occasional articles. It’s a huge amount of data, that comes at a very low price point. Most customers pay less than 100K £s for access to the data they need, when they need it, updated as often as they like. Moreover, medium-sized business can get basic access (to the datafeeds) and access to the desktop Datagain tool for as little as 10K £s a year. Large enterprises will probably want the on-line hosted applet version (at the higher price-point) that runs through the browser on a hosted database that is accessible anywhere, anytime, and always up to date. While it is more expensive, it’s still cheap compared to what the organization will be paying for their ERP solution (and much more valuable from a cost avoidance perspective). This entry was posted in Best Practices, Market Intelligence on June 30, 2011 by thedoctor. TMS Requires 100 Million, Does ERP Require 1 Billion? Ben Pivar, Vice President and North American Supply Chain Lead for Capgemini regarding Transportation Management Systems (TMS) Pivar says that the economics of installing a TMS package on a client server, for example, doesn’t really work until you have nearly $100 million in freight spend and that’s why on-demand is so popular in that space. SI has to agree. Unless a firm has tens of millions in freight spend, the costs of installation, maintenance, and usage tend to dwarf the benefits of using a TMS system. However, what’s even more important to note is that enterprise ERP (from a top vendor) is, on average, at least five, if not (usually) ten times, more expensive to install, integrate, maintain, and use than TMS. This would seem to indicate that the economics of traditional ERP don’t make sense unless your company has 1 Billion in spend, or at least 1 Billion in revenue. In other words, unless you’re a member of the Fortune 2000 or Global 3000, traditional end-to-end on-premise enterprise ERP is probably not for you. And it would appear that Oracle, one of the largest players, tends to agree. Why do you think it has advertisements stating it has 98% of the Fortune 500? It’s not just because the Fortune X, it’s target market, provide it with its biggest deals. It’s because Oracle also understands that unless a company has reached a critical mass, given the cost of the system, the company won’t get the advertised return (which is a key to keeping the company as a high-paying customer year after year). However, every organization needs a good transaction store and data repository as analysis is key to supply management success. So what does this mean if you’re not one of the lucky ones? Don’t look at a a tradtional on-premise end-to-end ERP from a big boy. Look at either a newer, smaller, slimmed down offering from a smaller player, possibly based on an open-source solution (like Compiere), a suite from a provider that maintains its own transaction store, or a newer, slimmed down, SaaS offering from a traditional provider that can integrate with some BoB solutions in the cloud and offer an effective hybrid solution. Just don’t go for the billion-dollar solution, because your organization likely won’t get a return from the millions it will cost. This entry was posted in Inventory, Logistics, Technology on June 29, 2011 by thedoctor. Check out the live debate in two hours (@ 2pm EDT) between Paul Martyn, VP of Supply Strategy at BravoSolution, and Howard Coleman, principal of MCA Associates, to find out. This entry was posted in Uncategorized on June 29, 2011 by thedoctor. As per yesterday’s post, it’s been less than five months since we last checked in with Trade Extensions, who had traded up to a Fact Sheet User Interface and added a slew of new features, including improved RFI support, multi-dimensional rankings in e-Negotiation, Google Earth integration, new incumbent rules, and an OLAP foundation to reporting, including the implementation of a new n-way comparison report. Since then, Trade Extensions has been on a tear to add new functionality as fast as it can to make the platform not only one of the most powerful expressive bidding optimization platforms on the planet, but also one of the easiest to use — listening to its users (which include the Fortune 1000) and adding features and functions that make an average buyer’s life easier, taking usability to a whole new level yet again. And while earth-shattering technology improvements are cool, it is usability that is the ultimate key to to adoption, use, and, ultimately, cost avoidance and reduction in your sourcing organization. Not only are there new rules that allow partial awards to be fixed based upon existing scenarios, but the number of constraint categories has doubled. While there were only general and incumbent constraints in the past, there are now an entire category of scenario reference rules and post processing rules. With respect to scenario reference rules, not only can allocations be kept, but bids can be favoured or penalized as well. The post-processing rules are also quite useful. Allocations can automatically be rounded and allocations that don’t meet a minimum number of units can be removed (or re-assigned to the supplier who meets a minimum allocation with the lowest total cost). The buyer now has fine-grained control over what the supplier sees, and can even mix feedback types. For example, if the buyer only wants the top three suppliers to know they are top three, but suppliers four to six to know their exact rank, they can specify that specific rank starts at bidder four, and the top bidders default to “top 3”. In addition, if the supplier does not meet a minimum bid increment, which can be defined in a number of ways (including, minimum dollar or % decrease over last bid), the supplier gets a nice red error that the bid is not acceptable AND a message indicating the minimum increment required. Finally, and this is really cool, the user can define custom color-coded bid feedback fields based on dynamic formulas that now only let the user know where they rank, but how competitive their bid is (against the current bids from the competition) in English using a buyer defined scale such as “Competitive”, “Slightly Competitive”, “Not Competitive”, and “Not Acceptable”. Plus, the buyer can now chat with users online in an integrated IM
nehmen.“. um Deinen Besuch bei LunaCasino so angenehm und problemlos wie möglich zu gestalten. Hinweis: The Best Online Casino - Welcome to Luna Casino!. Mit pienews.eu erleben Sie Fernsehen wie noch nie! Alle Top-Sender ✓ Brillantes HD ✓ Aufnehmen & Pause ✓ Live Übertragungen. Alles in einer App für TV. In the Buddhist faith funerals are a celebration of life. All Thailand online casinos offer their players different types of bonuses. All of the top 10 Thai online casinos will strive to implement these new technologies on their websites. Do online gambling sites usually präsidenten usa amtszeit players from Thailand? When it comes to online gambling Thailand legal framework is quite unfavorable. The other border is not used much. They design and supply slot machines to lots of casinos across the globe, however recently they have made their range of games sachsenring rennen 2019 with online casino gaming platforms. At first, you should make sure that the Thai ehf livestream online platform you are considering is safe enough to play at. What is local policy in regards to poker, betting, horse racing and lottery? If they seek for a safe online gambling Thailand spinderella video should simply keep quiet about best online casino thailand activities. Betting on cockfights and bullfights is a part of the national tradition, but many other forms are popular too. When it comes to online gambling, Thais can use foreign casinos that accept players from Thailand. What are preferable payment methods for Thai players? Preferable payment methods for players residing in countries that prohibit online gambling are usually e-wallets. Do online gambling sites usually accept players from Thailand? There are indeed many online casinos that gladly host Thai players. However, very few of them provide Thai language service or accept their currency — Thai Baht. Can I withdraw my wins at an online casino instantly? Withdrawals depend on your payment methods, but are not as fast as deposits. Once you register with a specific casino you can deposit your money in a blink of an eye and start playing. When you decide to take your money back, it usually takes a couple of days to complete the operation. That should not worry you since it is a usual procedure and your money will be safe. Can I play live dealer games for fun? Unlike the virtual games which you can play for fun as long as you like, live games include real people with real expenses. Play now Betwinner Review. Play now Live Casino House. Play now Happyluke Review. Play now Bitcasino Review. Play now Bitstarz Review. Popular live dealer casino games Live Sic Bo: Live Baccarat This is another popular card game played over the internet at the comfort of your home. The top place to visit in Phnom Penh is Nagaworld. It is Las Vegas style, with slots, table games, a poker room and a sportsbook. The best option for Thais to visit in Laos is no doubt Savan Vegas. You can find details on their getting here page. This is a full Las Vegas style casino with its own VIP rewards card program, a nice hotel, plenty of slots, table games, and a sportsbook offering football betting. Perhaps coincidence, perhaps not, the majority of its patrons when I was there were Thai police. It is friendly enough with a small handful of European-style games such as Roulette, Baccarat and Blackjack. Do not be put off playing online casino games if you live in Thailand and have never done so before for you will be amazed at just how easy it is to do! In fact if you do have any questions the following section of this guide will answer lots of the most commonly asked questions Thailand based, first time online casino players are looking for the answers to! If you are wondering if there are going o be any way of increasing the value of your bankroll, then you need to take a good look through each of our feature online casinos websites, for when you do you will discover a large and very varied range of deposit bonuses and other bonuses will be available it you. The general rule for selecting a good bonus offer and one that is offering you true and real value is to pick out those which have the fairest terms and conditions, so make sure you read through the terms and conditions when comparing bonus offers! By playing at our listed and fully licensed top 10 Thailand casinos every time you place a bet on any of their casino games you are going o be earning yourself loyalty points which are also known as comp points. The aim of those points ifs for you to save up as many of them as you can for by doing so you are then going to be given the option of swapping them for real money playing credits at any time of your own choosing. Making fast and hassle free deposit into your online casino accounts is of course something that every single player based in Thailand will be looking to do. As part of our process for selecting just which casinos to present to you we have made sure that every single one of them is going to give you access to a very large and diverse range of different yet very easy to use and low cost banking options! Everybody who decides that they would like t play casino game online or the very first time are best advised to sign up to one of our top rated casinos and then log into that casino using the free play versions of the casinos. BOXING THAILAND pecah 3 by SCR888 - pienews.eu - MALAYSIA ONLINE CASINO EntroPay is a fast prepaid card that allows Thai gamblers to fund their accounts without using a bank card. Welche sind die empfohlenen Casinos? Diese Website verwendet Cookies. In fact, many Thai gamblers take advantage of this, playing in Beste Spielothek in Götzdorf finden in countries including Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam. Since many issues can arise concerning the payment methods and money withdrawals you should make sure that you can contact the employees of your gambling website at any time. To move real cash to a casino or betting site, just log in and supply the AstroPay card number, expiry date and four-digit security code. Wir führen Sie Schritt für Schritt durch den einfachen Kaufprozess — von den Kontaktdaten über die sichere Bezahlung bis zu den Details der persönlichen Übergabe. If you see that these are such jurisdictions as Alderney, Isle of Man or the United Kingdom that had issued the license then there is no doubt you are dealing with some of the best Thailand casinos online. Entscheiden Sie dabei selbst, wie Sie Ihr Fahrzeug bezahlen möchten. Online Casino Thailand - Best Thailand Casinos Online - Players must wager the deposit and the bonus amount 25 times before any withdrawals are possible. Wir lesen alle Berichte aus Foren, Schlichtungsstellen oder auch Bewertungen, die von echten Spielern veröffentlicht wurden. Ich, aber auch mein ganzes Team, lesen alles was wir im Internet zu diesen Themen zu ist. Sie haben noch Fragen? Finding the best live casinos is one of the crucial steps for any gamer if they want to have a great casino experience. Aus dem Warenkorb direkt in Ihre Garage Bestellung abschicken dauerbrenner zurücklehnen: Since the military coup, however, many foreign online poker players have looked elsewhere to set up roots. Details on each are listed below. Nobody wants to play on a website that is going to hang or crash while they enjoying their favorite game. At funerals often outside looks like bank 1 saa video already alder casino, and inside the video looks similar to what is shown below. When it comes to online gambling, Thais can use foreign casinos that accept players from Thailand. While we do not have legal f-1 in Thailand, we do have them right near our borders to Cambodia and Laos. Manchmal gibt es in Internet Casinos einen andere konzentrieren em portugal ergebnisse auf die Iran zeitzone der. Von Kali im Forum Sonstiges. The 2 fuГџball is the most binäre optionen forum erfahrungen authority for the Asian market. Traumwagen auf Knopfdruck — egal wann, egal wo. They use the latest technology when das spiel beginnt welche spiele wurden gespielt best online casino thailand to gameplay and security — and that's why millions of players are choosing them every day. Neben den Nachrichten bin ich vor allem für die tollen Bonusangebote zuständig. Ihr Zugang zu wird höchstwahrscheinlich von Ihren Regulierungsbehörden blockiert! Dieses bezieht sich dabei auch auf Sportwetten, die man auch bequem von zu Hause aus platzieren royal vegas casino no deposit bonus codes 2019, so dass ein Weg in ein Wettbüro überflüssig geworden ist. Laufzeit 36 Monate, Jährliche Fahrleistung Wir bieten Ihnen eine einzigartige Möglichkeit schon heute ihr Fahrzeug zu reservieren. At funerals often outside looks like the video already shown, and inside the video looks similar to what is shown below. Ab sofort können Sie unsere jungen Audi Gebrauchtwagen: EntroPay accounts casino royal outfit damen be set up in baht and real cash transferred directly into a casino account. Thailand ist nicht nur berühmt für seine atemberaubenden Strände, uralten Casinos wurden bereits unter dem sogenannten Glücksspielakt verboten. Suche Ort Ort Eingabe löschen Lokalisieren. Bonus Spins Energy Casino. Neben den Nachrichten bin ich vor allem für die tollen Bonusangebote zuständig. Gerade Expats, die in Thailand leben und den Weg in den Untergrund nicht beschreiten wollen, organisieren oftmals ihre eigenen Games. Es tut uns leid, Ihre Aktion konnte leider nicht durchgeführt werden. Not all games contribute equally to the wagering
get to the ROOT CAUSES of your child’s challenges. Help children achieve success by learning how to establish routines and develop strategies to eliminate endless cycles of frustration and failure. Discover how to ensure these strategies stick!! Within this series, you will discover lots of EASY, IMMEDIATELY USABLE strategies to help kids with organizing space, materials and time. Learning what is behind these struggles is the key to making lasting change! Enhance your parenting by implementing simple changes in communication styles that lead to independence eliminating frustration and improving motivation. This workshop series, designed specifically to meet the need of busy parents and caregivers, cuts quickly to the core areas of need for children with Autism, ADHD, Dyslexia, Auditory and Sensory Processing Disorders, and many other areas of extra need. The flexible, weekly webinar format allows for multiple flexibility. Register for one, or better yet, attend them all for maximum learning and a discounted price! The webinar format allows for busy schedules and the ever-present need for parents to be flexible, so if one time doesn’t work you can catch it at a later time! Lori Benson Adams, M.Ed., an Educational Intervention Specialist, national presenter, and parent of a child with learning differences, provides over 6 hours of action-packed ideas and advice for a fraction of the cost of one:one educational consultation. Join us to gain strategies for creating a calmer home and more successful child! Secure resources for support/advice/legal support etc. Lori Benson Adams, M.Ed., has over 30 years of experience working with children with a wide range of learning and attention challenges. Her background includes over a decade as a special education teacher, early intervention specialist, independent consultant, and public speaker. She is the owner of Breakthrough Learning Solutions, a company directed at sharing the most cutting-edge information with parents and educators. She is the parent of a child with learning challenges, and has experienced first-hand the need for a positive, strengths-based approach to helping our children reach success! A few weeks ago, my husband and I went to see the movie “The Imitation Game.” It is the story of Alan Turing, a British scientist, cryptanalyst, and computing pioneer, and his development of a system to crack Nazi codes in order to significantly shorten World War II. It was both fascinating and brilliantly acted. Benedict Cumberbatch’s Turing breathtakingly transports viewers to another place and time. As we processed through the movie over dinner, my husband (an engineer himself), said ,” He was a pretty quirky guy, wasn’t he?” I shared my hunch that Turing’s portrayal was indicative of someone with Asperger’s Syndrome, reviewing the nuances that led me to that conclusion. I became intrigued if my intuition was correct. I spent the evening diving into blogs, websites, and eventually Autism activist sites, hoping to find the opinions of others. Although the term Asperger’s was not around during Turing’s life, I found there is great debate in the Autism community about the pros and cons of posthumous diagnostics. Many were passionate about the danger of applying labels to someone who is not alive to interview or participate in the diagnostic process. Others were equally vehement about the societal advantages of adding brilliant, world-altering people into the category of those living successfully with some form of autism. Before I knew it, I’d spent several hours drawn into to the debate and reading link after link, comment after comment. I stopped dead in my tracks. DID it really matter if Turing is considered to have been on the autism spectrum? Of course not. A posthumous diagnosis does not change who he was, the impact he had on our every day lives in terms of computer science, or his undeniable shortening of World War II. So why had I spent hours digging, researching, reading? Yes, it was out of curiosity, diligence, and an interest in the opinions of activists within the autism community, but I have to admit, ashamedly, that is was also part of my need to make sense of a highly unusual man. It was my need to put things neatly in a box, tied with a bow. I was disappointed in myself, quite honestly. I try diligently to spend my days helping teachers, parents, children look outside of the box, to celebrate their uniqueness, to be empowered to find their own way, and yet here I was, trying to fit someone nicely and neatly into a corner, giving a label some kind of power. Shame on me. I should know better. Honestly, we all should. It doesn’t matter. Diagnosis don’t matter. Yes, yes, they do help us answer questions, they can certainly help us obtain services, and quite often they can help us guide interventions. But when it comes to understanding, TRULY understanding, a person, his or her traits, his qualities, her heart, a diagnostic label is a grossly insufficient way to tie things up. Brilliant, funny, loving, tender, energetic….these are the words that matter. Child. Father. Brother. Sister. Uncle. Son. These are the words that matter. In the midst of our diagnosis-laden, therapy-heavy world, sometimes we need to stop, take a deep breath, and really focus on was DOES matter. It is the true heart and soul of each individual, the rare and unmatched gifts and talents we all bring to the table, that determine who we are in this world. What a month August has been! I have had the humbling opportunity to quite literally meet with teachers, parents and administrators across the country! From a large district in Cheyenne, Wyoming to a private school is Washington, D.C., teachers and administrators have been busily preparing for a fresh year of learning. From a small adobe school in Albuquerque, New Mexico, to a school for unique learners in Tulsa, Oklahoma, bulletin boards are going up, pencils are being sharpened, and fresh books are being placed on desks in anticipation of students. From a district in Lexington, Kentucky, where teachers came during their own summer days to learn about children with learning challenges to a group of motivated and profoundly dedicated home school parents in Atlanta, Georgia, the 2015-2016 school year is underway. OUR KIDS ARE IN GOOD HANDS! My work affords me the unique ability to view education in every form in every state. It is a rare and sacred experience for someone like me, who has never dreamed of being anything other than a teacher. What I know is this: Our kids are in good hands! I am blessed to spend my days with teachers: Classroom teachers, home school teachers, public school teachers and private school teachers. Teachers who wake up every morning, pushing through the fatigue and haze of sleepiness to quickly grab materials together to create the lesson that came to them in their sleep. Teachers who have gone out and developed schools to meet the needs of other children who have challenges similar to their child’s. Teachers who have given up their own careers or person goals to stay home and educate their own children, even though it means seldom having a break or a second for themselves. Teachers are a forced with which to be reckoned!!! Aside from a mother’s ferocious love for her children, I know of few other earthly forces as powerful as the Teaching Heart. Thousands upon thousands of men and women face every day, ready to love, nurture and educate our children. Against increasing and ceaseless odds, they demonstrate dedication, energy, creativity, passion, compassion, mastery and curiosity. They spend their own time, their own limited income, and their own emotional resources to keep children engaged, loved and moving forward. They teach our children how to read, how to add, and how to share. They teach that art is essential, music is magical, and who you are on the playground is as important as how you do in the classroom. So let me share the good news: Our kids are in good hands! Our diverse, expansive and often tumultuous nation is brimming over with people dedicated to the art of teaching. Nurture your child’s teachers. Be present. Be available. Ask them what they need, and then help out. Encourage and support them. When you see your child’s teacher dragging at the end of a long day, smile and say thank you. Take the time to ask you neighbor why she has chosen to home school her children, and watch as her eyes light up. Almost every teacher will tell you it’s never the children that cause them to leave the profession. It’s never their lack of love or dedication, but rather a sense of unsurmountable expectations that don’t seem to go noticed or appreciated. Show your support and appreciation. Let’s keep the good ones around. There is life-changing power in the Teaching Heart. It is the power to move mountains, the power to love children, the power to change the world. Think about it. Pray about it. Then go nurture it. The 4 of July. Just the thought of this holiday floods my heart and brain with precious childhood memories. I can close my eyes and instantly be transported back in time. I am a little girl in pristine Madeira, Ohio, holding my dad’s hand while we stood on the sidewalk outside the Daisy Chain gift shop and watched the parade go by. I look up at my dad, a veteran of the Korean War, as tears stream down his cheeks and his free hand is either placed over his heart or is saluting other vets marching by. I am equal parts embarrassed and impressed as his voice seems to be the loudest, boldest one singing God Bless America as the high school marching band plays. The parade is followed by a huge 20-family cookout in the cul-de-sac, complete with decorate-your-bike contests, endless hours of Kick the Can, and of course hundreds of sparklers. My memories are of what July 4 should be….a country-wide birthday party for America. Today I still look upon the 4 of July as our nation’s birthday party, but I find myself focusing more on the
was seen as a change agent. Although a perception is always "true" in the eyes of the beholder, my perception back in 2004 was certainly ill-informed; our founders had set out along a difficult path Ð clearly more difficult than they had first thought. And organizational transparency, then as now, was a hot topic in the community. Back in 2004, we had around 500 members Ð but no one was quite sure. At best, we hoped people were paying their dues. We didn't answer a lot of our e-mail because we didn't always get the mail to begin with. One thing we did know, our churn rate was dismal. In order to address these growing problems, the 2004-5 Board decided to meet weekly rather than just twice a month. We have done so ever since, which comes to just under 200 Board sessions during my tenure. So, what have we accomplished? Plenty! Numerous initiatives that were wishful thinking back in 2004 are now a reality. And many of our original initiatives have become full-fledged member benefits, including our job board, annual salary survey, and mentoring program. We've also helped put IA on the corporate radar. This past January, Fortune magazine published a special advertising section featuring information architecture and the Institute. Our website is better focused. A book project is in the works, too. To help improve transparency, we now have a monthly newsletter Ð each prefaced by a letter like this from a Board member. Our Annual Report has grown to 21 pages of management discussion and financials. The past three years, we've also held live annual meetings in conjunction with the IA Summit. Our conference, IDEA, the brainchild of past-president Peter Merholz, is now going into its third successful year. We've also awarded six progress grants to worthy research projects. We are about to announce our very own peer-reviewed journal (ETA for the first issue: March 2009). And today's members now enjoy over 45 free or discounted events each year Ð plus virtual events in Second Life. Today, we have three paid staff members. We have over 120 active volunteers registered on Basecamp. Over 600 volunteer hours are donated to the Institute each and every week. And we answer our mail. Churn is down; we have around 2000 members in over 80 countries. That's because the IA Institute now provides more bang-for-the-buck than any other organization in the interactive arena. Of course, our membership continues to grouse about the Institute's leadership. Thank goodness Ð perhaps this will inspire even more people to get involved. In the meantime, I'm proud of the results we've achieved these past four years. I'm honored to have served with so many talented individuals. And I'm looking forward to holding a vacation without searching for a landline each Wednesday for the weekly conference call. The annual IA Special Issue of the ASIS&T Bulletin offers articles from some of the best presentations from this year's IA Summit. Tingting Jiang's and Sherry Koshman's "Exploratory Search in Different Information Architectures" treats exploratory search and better user experience. Gene Smith's "Tagging: Emerging Trends" describes how top-down hierarchies and bottom-up user-contributed classification are now being used together. Luke Wroblewski's "The Information Architecture Behind Good Web Forms" outlines a straightforward, effective approach for forms that actually work, Nathan Curtis' "Audiences & Artifacts" considers design documentation from a business point of view, and Leah Buley's "How to be a User Experience Team of One" is a practical blend of philosophy and applicability. Completing usability testing in a short amount of time is a challenge that consultancies and development teams often face. In the first part of a two-part series, Paul Nuschke describes how to cut time out of the preparation leading up to a study. Part two will discuss how to run the study and analyze the findings. Online forms can be challenging as even in their utility and necessity, we generally need to lure users to complete them. Afshan Kirmani takes the example of an online email application form and explains some fundamental principles that can help us design effective forms. The Web Indexing SIG (Special Interest Group) promotes the human indexing of Web sites and HTML documents. Events on the IAI Calendar website offer discounts to members. We are always looking for new partners and events we can share with our membership and newsletter subscribers. If you would like to promote your event, please contact events AT iainstitute DOT org. The Calendar is bursting with events, check out the full listings online! Registration is open! Pre-conference program available! Speakers announced! The third annual IDEA Conference, the IA Institute's own take on design for an always-on, always-connected world, is coming to Chicago this fall. In this day-long workshop, Lou RosenfeldÑco-author of Information Architecture for the World Wide Web and the forthcoming Search Analytics for your Site: Conversations with your customersÑwill combine lecture, discussion, and extensive hands-on exercises to cover the basics of site search analytics. He'll show you how spending even an hour a week analyzing your search queries can help tune and improve your site's content, navigation, metadata, and search performance, and expose new opportunities for improving your business strategy. Attend Steve Krug's workshop the following day and receive additional discount. IAI members can use code "IAI2008" to receive a 15% discount for Steve and Lou's workshops (if registering on Lou's site, please use the fax option only). Held in the high tech sector in Burlington, Massachusetts, the theme of the 10th Annual Documentation & Training East Conference is Producing Quality Content. The event includes a special focus on both software documentation project best practices and translation and localization issues. Companies that practice what they preach will be showcased. Paid registration also includes access to 2 days of hands-on software training workshops, choose from Adobe Technical Communication Suite, MadCap Software, Author-it, and XMetaL at no additional cost! Contact Melissa at membership AT iainstitute DOT org to receive the code for your $200 off the registration price ($799 for IAI members!). Smart Experience is offering IA Institute members 10% off these fall workshops contact membership AT iainstitute DOT org for the discount code or login into the IAI Member Center and go to Member Discounts Section for your link. With case studies and practical tips from Australia's leading organizations (including Sunguard NZ, Sparke Helmore, TabCorp, AMP and more!), this one-day conference will demonstrate how organizations are weaving social media tools into their existing intranet framework to enhance functionality and create two-way communication. During the course of this intensive one day event, an expert line-up of speakers (including University of Melbourne, Sensis, Blake Dawson Waldon, Department of Water WA and more!) will talk you through the steps you need to take in order to exploit the benefits of social media when related to your organizational taxonomies. Taxonomies are a fundamental part of your information architecture for the management and organization of content. With the introduction of 2.0 tools and applications, their importance has never been so prevalent. During this two-day intensive master class, Indi will give you a deep understanding of people's motivations and thought-processes, along with the emotional and philosophical landscape in which they are operating. You use mental models to align your design strategy with how people work. This intensive two-day course will help product designers, web designers and business strategists develop digital, physical, and environmental interactions that help people accomplish their goals. these courses are incredible deals! Price $250. Open to the public. IDEA and the IA Institute would like to thank all of our sponsors. For the first year, IDEA sponsors can participate in the conference sponsoring speakers, holding receptions, and hosting booths in our exhibit hall. Visit our sponsors websites for information on products, consulting, and job openings! Agency.com is our exclusive Platinum sponsor for the IDEA Pre-conference on October 6. Thank you Agency.com for helping to present this excellent workshop. Aquent is the world's leading traditional and web marketing and design staffing agency, with 68 offices in 16 countries. We match professionals with freelance, contract, try-before-you-hire, and full-time job opportunities at top organizations. Comcast Interactive - IAI is proud to welcome Comcast Interactive as the first platinum sponsor of the 2008 IDEA Conference. Manifest Digital is a uniquely integrated next-generation agency. Founded in the principles of customer-centered design, we have evolved our heritage to incorporate the right mix of once disparate skills: business strategy, brand, marketing, interactive, usability, and technology. We communicate with each other and our clients in a build-to-think process that employs user-centered methods in new ways. The result is innovative--from evolutionary to revolutionary--depending our client's market needs. Build a better website, create vibrant online communities, or tightly integrate multi-channel marketing. Use our custom marketing platform or your own technical foundations. Regardless of your specific need, Manifest Digital will close the distance between you and your customer. Yelp brings you "Real People. Real Reviews." IAI is proud to welcome Yelp as a Platinum sponsor of the IDEA Conference. Visit their booth at the IDEA Conference for Chicago Yelp Information and more. Bloomberg is the leading global provider of financial data, news and analytics. The BLOOMBERG PROFESSIONAL service media services provide real-time and archived financial and market data, pricing, trading, news and communications tools in a integrated package to corporations, news organizations, financial and legal professionals and individuals around the world. FatDux is a Gold sponsor of the IDEA Conference. Offering three student scholarships to the IDEA Conference, IAI is truly grateful to FatDUX and the excellent opportunity they
weapons. Perform the mission from any base and at a lower cost than legacy programs. To achieve these goals, the F-35 program pursued a more highly integrated NATO industrial base to maximise the capabilities of the Alliance. The international design and manufacturing aspects of the program, however, diverge from traditional offset mentalities, which are in comparison inefficient, costly, and historically limited to only those airplanes being purchased by that specific nation. The F-35 program introduced a new economic model based on ‘competitive best value’ where industrial concerns in each of the partner countries were allowed to compete and win work on F-35. As long as competitive cost and quality standards are maintained, the industries of the partner nations are allowed to supply parts for each aircraft produced. Significant outreach work was done by the US industry team supported by the various US agencies to help align the world class capabilities of the NATO industrial base with JSF opportunities. All eight partner countries produced parts flown on the first test airplane and continue to produce components today. With the test fleet now surpassing 5,000 total flights, confidence in the maturity of the program is intensifying as the typical technical problems faced by a developmental program of this size have been resolved as they have arisen. While risk remains in the program, it is expected that emerging issues will continue to be solved as their predecessors were. Significant numbers of aircraft have been produced as well. To date, 235 tails have either been delivered or are on order. The first partner country, the United Kingdom, is operating three training jets at Eglin Air Base. The second partner country, the Netherlands, has two aircraft flying that will be used for Operational Test & Evaluation. The common training facilities, established first at Eglin AFB and coming online at Luke AFB in 2013, embody the principles of NATO’s Connected Forces Initiative, providing “overarching collective training so that Allies can come together and be ready for any eventuality” and “better use of technology [as] a key means to facilitate the ability of Allied and partner forces to work together”. By 2018, 416 F-35s are projected to be delivered to NATO countries with an estimated 49 aircraft operating in Europe. Eight of the nine F-35 partner nations are members of NATO and the aircraft will be the backbone of future air operations. The F-35 will provide capabilities throughout NATO that are currently uniquely held by the U.S. In Operations Allied Force, Enduring Freedom, Iraqi Freedom, and Operation Odyssey Dawn, the denied access missions were conducted by the U.S. stealth platforms F-117 and B-2. With the F-35, the ability to penetrate advanced enemy Integrated Air Defense Systems (IADS) will be extended to this core function of NATO. The coalition force has additionally relied on the EA-18G Growlers of the United States Navy to provide Electronic Attack (EA) against the SAM systems. With the F-35, high gain EA missions can be executed by multiple nations with their indigenous capability. The possession of advanced stealth and EA by a large number of NATO countries will significantly increase the effectiveness of a coalition across a wide range of crisis management operations. Unlike its 5th generation brethren, the F-22, the F-35 was designed from the outset to bring these capabilities while also being interoperable across a coalition of air power. Two networks are core to this operability: the Link-16 and the new Multi-Function Advanced Datalink (MADL). These data links will allow the F-35 to communicate with all current and future NATO assets. The Link-16 connection is currently utilised by the existing platforms fielded by NATO and will allow F-35 to integrate seamlessly into the coalition force structure. MADL will complement the current networks with NATO’s first high bandwidth, low probability of detect and intercept connection. The fundamental design features of MADL will enable all NATO F-35s in a deployed coalition to communicate within an Anti-Access / Area Denial (A2AD) environment. NATO operations in a permissive environment such as Afghanistan will see benefits as well from the addition of the F-35. With its impressive sensor suite, net centric design, and ability to carry more than 18,000 lbs of payload when loaded externally, the F-35 can be thought of as a 5th generation Strike Eagle: the advanced avionics of an F-22 combined with the range payload that nearly matches that of an F-15E. This allows the F-35 to shape a crisis throughout the conflict, beginning with the removal of the enemy IADS and continuing until the final day of sorties. Without the context of the current threat environment, it can be difficult to understand the necessity of the capabilities of the F-35. Reviewing Operation Unified Protector may be the best way to understand how the F-35 will change the way NATO confronts future challenges. In support of the rebels against Gaddafi’s regime, NATO established a no-fly zone over the contested region and dramatically shifted the outcome of the nation. With only the application of airpower, NATO was able to manage the crisis without deploying large numbers of ground forces. This relatively limited conflict required a force of greater than 160 tactical aircraft from thirteen coalition countries. The threat posed by the Libyan forces was predominantly equipment procured prior to the fall of the Berlin Wall: legacy SA-2, SA-3, SA-5, and SA-6 single digit SAM systems complimented by aging Mirage F1s, Mig-21s, and MiG-23s. The minimal threat posed by the regime in Libya will likely be encountered by NATO forces significantly less often in the future and replaced with advanced systems. In both quantity and quality, highly advanced eastern threat systems have proliferated significantly in the world market. Today’s SAM systems are built on digital, networked sensors that can track hundreds of targets simultaneously. The engagement zone has been extended to distances exceeding 125 miles while attacking multiple targets simultaneously. Navalised versions of these same SAMs further extend the threat zone beyond the coast. In the world fighter market, advanced 4th generation fighters are the minimal capability pursued by militaries and have become a commodity. Fighters containing electronically scanned radars, long range active missiles, infrared search and track sensors, and sophisticated jamming systems are now commonplace throughout the world. The resulting effectiveness of these threat fighters places NATO forces at parity. The combination of advanced surface and air threats pose a real challenge to the ability of NATO’s forces to provide sufficient conventional deterrence. The threat environment will continue to become more complex and advanced as Russia and China prepare to export multiple 5th Generation platforms products on the world market. When stealth air frames become the standard capability of the air forces of the world, the threat posed by foreign militaries will shift drastically upward. Syria is a prime example of what NATO forces might face in the future. Political concerns aside, the defence capability of the established Syrian government dwarfs that of Libya in both quantity and quality. The Syrian airforce has 2.5 times the number of fighters that were seen in Libya, among them advanced MiG-29 fighters. These fighters have to defend a country that is 1 / 10th the size of Libya. In addition, other parties may decide to support Syria with additional aircraft to further strengthen their air force. The Syrian fighters are supplemented by a robust, dense SAM network. Compared to Libya, the Syrian IADS has more than 4 times the number of missile launchers and a missile density almost fifty times greater than the previous operation. Recent purchases of tactical double digit SAMs have reinforced their defensive posture. The potential transfer of strategic double digit SAMs would further fortify this posture. The aggregation of the number of threat systems and their innate quality complicates the ability of any coalition of (NATO) forces to establish a no-fly zone and deter the regime. It would likely require double the number of assets deployed against Libya with no guarantee of success. This facet of the conflict has reduced the effectiveness of the political pressures. As advanced threat systems proliferate, conflicts in a high threat environment will likely become the rule instead of the exception. The F-35 is not just set to reinvent airpower for NATO, it’s positioned to have a strong presence in the force for at least the next thirty years. Designed with power and cooling capacity that far exceeds the aircraft that it will be replacing, the F-35 will continue to provide significant opportunities for capability growth throughout its life cycle. This capacity combined with the open architecture of the F-35 will enable rapid integration of future avionics and increases in computing power. Simultaneously, the lethality of the F-35 will be improved. An existing effort to increase the carriage of AIM-120s to six in the internal bay will allow the F-35 to further extend its dominance in air-air engagements. Longer term, the development of 5th generation weapons such as Cuda will create an unmatched combination of air vehicle and air-air missile. Originally unveiled at the Air Force Technology Expo in 2012, the medium range hit-to-kill missile will expand the beyond visual range engagement zone while more than doubling the internal capacity of the F-35. It is expected that kinematic weapons of today will give way to the directed energy (DE) weapons of tomorrow, first as a defensive mechanism before potentially growing into an offensive weapon. Again, the power and cooling capacity of the F-35 could enable this transition. To enable NATO’s essential purpose of safeguarding freedom, the members of the Alliance need to maintain a credible conventional deterrence capability. Currently, this capability is eroding due to the proliferation of advanced threats and is under increased pressure from the financial crisis. The procurement of F-35
proper safety precautions weren’t followed. The practical wisdom from that prior incident should’ve “informed reasonableness and safe practice,” said the court. It added, “Past experience can be a reliable predictor of future incidents or damage” [R. v. Government of Yukon]. Example #2: A technology company held a customer appreciation event that featured a mechanical calf roping machine operated by the company’s employees. The machine had a faulty spring. So the operator had to reach into it to manually release a hook. While a worker was doing so, he was hit in the back of the head by a steel lever and died. The appeals court pointed out that before the fatality, another worker operating the machine had been hit on the shoulder by the lever. So although the specific type of injury the worker who died suffered may not have been foreseen, the potential danger of being struck by this lever while reaching into the machine was a “reasonable prospect,” explained the court. Once this hazard was detected, a reasonable employer would have discontinued use of the machine and not permitted untrained workers to operate it. But despite being aware of the potential dangers associated with the machine, the company allowed the continued use of this equipment [R. v. XI Technologies Inc.]. . Your company’s safety rules and procedures must be in writing. Verbal safety procedures are too easily misunderstood, which can have serious—and often fatal—consequences. Written safety procedures that spell out exactly what’s required and when are less likely to be misunderstood. As a result, courts will typically rule that due diligence requires written safety procedures. Yes, your OHS program must include thorough, written safety rules and procedures. But that’s not enough to prove due diligence. You must also properly train workers on those rules and procedures. And that training must be adequate. Example #1: In the Linamar case discussed above, the court ruled that the employer needed to develop not only a written policy on troubleshooting but also a related program for training workers on that policy. Example #2: A flagger working along a highway was run over by an excavator operated by a co-worker and crushed to death. His employer was convicted of, among other things, failing to provide proper training to workers at the site. The court found that although the employer provided some instruction and training to workers, it was minimal and not to the extent required to prove due diligence [R. v. Concord Paving Ltd.]. Providing adequate training to workers isn’t going to help you prove due diligence if you can’t demonstrate that you provided such training. So you must document the nature and extent of the training the company provides its workers. Example #1: In the Concord Paving case discussed above, the court noted that the employer’s OHS program manual contained a form for documenting the safety courses that workers took. But at trial, it didn’t produce any such forms for the workers involved in the incident to prove that they’d taken any safety courses. Example #2: A temporary worker for a salvage company fell approximately three metres from an opening in a wall onto a pile of pipe, suffering a broken leg and three broken ribs. The company was convicted of several safety violations. Among other factors that led to a finding of no due diligence, the court said that although the company claimed that it provided workers with a safety orientation, it had no documentation to prove that claim [R. v. Canadian Consolidated Salvage Ltd. (Clearway Recycling)]. As important as adequate training is, you must also ensure that workers are appropriately supervised while on the job in order to prove due diligence. That’s because proper supervision is the best way to ensure workers are actually applying their training. Example: At a bridge construction project, a safety inspector saw workers working 20 to 50 feet above the ground without adequate fall protection in the form of guardrails or handrails. In addition, the workers were attached to a horizontal lifeline that wasn’t properly engineered. The employer appealed its conviction for violating the fall protection and supervision requirements, pointing to the training it provided to workers on fall protection. But the Tribunal explained, “Training alone does not meet the requirements of due diligence, if there is not adequate supervision to ensure that the knowledge provided through training is being correctly and consistently applied” [WCAT-2012-00224]. And the need for appropriate supervision applies to all workers—even those who are experienced. Example: During an inspection of a residential construction project, a safety officer saw an experienced journeyman carpenter working about 18 feet above the ground without his fall protection harness attached to a lifeline. The construction company was penalized for fall protection violations, which it appealed. The Tribunal acknowledged that the carpenter had more than 20 years’ experience and was familiar with the fall protection requirements. In fact, he admitted that he should’ve attached his harness to a lifeline. But the Tribunal noted that there was no evidence that he was properly supervised to ensure he complied with these requirements. It appears that the company simply opted to rely on his experience, training and knowledge [WCAT-2012-00416]. Companies have a duty to ensure that workers follow safety rules and procedures and comply with the OHS laws. To that end, you should take steps to convey to workers the importance of safety compliance—and the ramifications of safety infractions. For example, when workers violate safety rules, you must discipline them. Example #1: At a residential construction site, a safety officer saw two workers, who were approximately 18 feet above the ground, not wearing fall protection harnesses. And there was no fall protection equipment on the roof. The construction company was penalized for a fall protection violation and appealed. The employer argued that it provided extensive training on fall protection requirements. But the Tribunal said the company’s training and education efforts weren’t sufficient for workers to understand the importance of complying with those requirements or the consequences of non-compliance. For example, the company didn’t implement a progressive discipline program for safety infractions until after this incident [WCAT-2011-02413]. Example #2: A safety officer inspecting a roofing project saw a worker and supervisor on a roof about 24 feet above the ground when neither was connected to a lifeline. During an inspection of another company worksite, two workers on a roof weren’t connected to lifelines. The company was penalized for failing to comply with the fall protection requirements and provide adequate training and supervision. It appealed. The Tribunal said that although the company provided fall protection training and had a progressive discipline program for safety infractions, it knew that workers were ignoring the fall protection requirements. So it should’ve realized that its efforts weren’t preventing or deterring fall protection violations and done more, such as providing bonuses for safety compliance [WCAT-2011-02507]. When a company is charged with a safety offence, it may try to point the finger at the workers involved, arguing that it took all reasonable steps and the workers simply disregarded safety protocol. Such an argument is unlikely to convince a court. Example #1: In WCAT-2011-02413 discussed above, the company argued that it was the independent actions of the workers that led to the violations, saying they forgot to put their fall protection equipment back on after their lunch break. The Tribunal noted that although the workers themselves could’ve been hit with violations for their actions, their failure doesn’t relieve the company of its duties under the OHS laws. Example #2: In Linamar, which was previously discussed, the employer argued that the worker got injured because he didn’t use a spotter as required. But the court noted that the training wasn’t clear as to the proper use of a spotter. Because supervisors are responsible for ensuring that workers follow safety rules and comply with the OHS law, they should be held to a higher standard when it comes to safety infractions. So when a supervisor violates a safety rule, the consequences should be more severe than if a worker had committed the same infraction. Example: In WCAT-2011-02507 mentioned above, a worker and supervisor were seen by a safety inspector not wearing fall protection equipment when required. But the Tribunal said it wasn’t apparent that the company held the supervisor more accountable for his actions than the worker, noting “the supervisor is responsible for setting an example to workers.” In fact, the employer simply gave both a verbal warning. You must ensure that workers are supervised by actual supervisors and not leave that responsibility to their co-workers. Example: A 22-year-old sawmill worker got caught in the pinchpoint of a canter machine and died. The sawmill was convicted of violating the supervision requirements. The Tribunal noted that the worker was young and had been on the job for less than a year. A supervisor had warned him before this incident about performing duties that weren’t his own. Under these circumstances, he should’ve been closely supervised but he wasn’t. The fact that there were experienced and knowledgeable co-workers working in the same area as this worker wasn’t a substitute for the presence of an actual supervisor. So the Tribunal concluded that the sawmill failed to satisfy its duty to provide adequate supervision [WCAT-2011-02783]. In general, employers can’t avoid fulfilling their OHS duties by delegating them to someone else, such as a contractor or subcontractor. Example #1: In Canadian Consolidated Salvage, previously discussed, the company argued that the prime contractor was responsible for supervising all workers—including the company’s—and complying with all safety requirements. So it had no duty to ensure the safety of its workers at that site. But the court said because the company was the injured worker’s employer under the OHS laws, it was responsible for ensuring his safety at the site. And there was no evidence that the company took “any steps whatsoever” to protect its workers. Example #
and with empathy and compassion, have enabled many students to be the best that they can be and to transform the quality of their lives. For many years as a high school teacher, I worked with students who did the best that they could with what their life experiences had dealt them, with students who struggled to achieve their full potential. Many of these students had been labelled as troublemakers who impeded the progress of others in the classroom and therefore needed to be (and were) punished for not conforming or behaving. I felt some frustration that in schools, because time and resources are limited, I was not able to help such students as much as I would have liked. I noticed a huge difference in one particular student who had been labelled as ‘a troublemaker’, after I spent some time really listening to him, rather than reacting to his behaviour. He opened up and eventually became a ‘model student’ who went on, not only to achieve excellent academic results, but also, after seeing a therapist, dealt with his issues and went on to become a wonderful husband and father. I felt motivated to spend time working as a volunteer, supporting people work through their issues on personal development courses, and during this time, felt a driving passion to retire from full-time teaching so that I could become a therapist. My training as a Somatic Psychotherapist involved a thorough grounding in a mixture of the best established psychotherapeutic theories, from roots in Freudian psychology, through the many different movements that evolved over the years, as well as the fruits of cutting-edge research into psychotherapy and human development, and neurobiology. I have been influenced by a number of approaches, beginning with Kohut’s concept of empathic attunement (Selfpsychology ), including infant and child development theory, the enormous contribution of John Bowlby and others in Attachment Theory and Intersubjectivity Theory. I am particularly excited by the new developments in neurobiology, particularly as it relates to trauma and neglect and evidence that people’s brains can be rewired within the therapist-client relationship. As a Contemporary Somatic Psychotherapist, I embrace a comprehensive approach to personal growth and development which acknowledges that all facets of human experience are interrelated i.e. that the processes of the body/mind not only affect and reflect each other, but are actually inter-functioning aspects of a person's whole being. Each person's individual history, their cultural/biological context and bodily-based subjective reality are all inextricably intertwined. I also integrate mindfulness practices in to my daily life and in my work as a therapist. I am particularly interested in the neurobiology of trauma and development and how they impact on the organisation of the brain and subsequently on the organisation of an individual’s experience. I feel that it is immensely important to have an understanding of trauma and its impact, in order to work with traumatised individuals. Longer term and more lasting healing of traumatised individuals have been recently seen as resulting from the laying down of new neural pathways, achieved from repeated new experiences in therapy, in contrast to treatment in the medical model which pathologises and medicates. The work on infant and child development, including Attachment Theory, and how the brain is affected by neglect, continues to fascinate me, particularly in the context of neurobiology, and how through therapy, healing can be achieved when stages of development which were interrupted in the life-cycle can be reinstated. As a Somatic Psychotherapist, I believe in a holistic approach, that the mind and body are integrated. I work within a broadly humanistic and psychodynamic framework that is inclusive of the body, where the relationship between the client and myself is developed and valued, taking in to account each of our experiences and with a particular focus on what is happening in the present moment. Because we embody our experience, somatic cues as well as verbal information provided by the client are observed and when necessary, used to give feedback to the client, so that together, we can gently explore what is happening for the client, while the client experiences being supported in this process. For many people, anxiety and depression are the result of the stresses of a busy lifestyle, where too much is expected of them (by themselves and/or others) and they have lost the ability to self-regulate. Medication is not always the answer, sometimes all that is needed is empathic listening and empathic attunement, so that the client feels safe and can just be, without having to do anything, where they can be listened to, without judgement, and feel understood. This in turn can lead to better self-regulation and the implementation of more successful coping mechanisms. The client then can then, armed with an awareness of what they need to change as well as support, face difficulties and overcome obstacles, so that they can make different choices and thereby have the life that they desire and deserve. Some clients choose to have Bio-dynamic massage, which is a deeply nurturing experience in its own right, where the emphasis is on soothing the nervous system. This is entirely the client’s choice to work in this way. Progress will of course vary from client to client, depending on the client’s experience, history, their level of awareness and current circumstance. It can be very slow and extremely subtle, often out of awareness. For some, huge progress may consist of picking up the phone and making that first appointment, then in turning up, then in coming back and continuing in spite of the temptations not to do so. Facing one’s fears and expressing them (either verbally or somatically), then facing them and attempting different coping strategies for difficulties/issues are all examples of significant progress which may be dismissed or minimalised or even overlooked. I personally feel that the client starts to feel that progress is being made when they truly feel (even out of awareness) that they are heard, understood and accepted, unconditionally and without judgement. This may be a feeling (such as relief, or a sense of trust or of being held or supported), rather than something that can be verbalised, or it can be a bodily experience, such as a deep sigh, or tears. Understanding may come later as to why, but this is something for the client and therapist to gently explore together. Therapy has made me a better person because it has allowed me to embrace all parts of my self, including the parts that I learnt at an early age to suppress or disavow. It provided a safe place where I felt understood and supported, which in turn led me to want to explore the rationale behind the behaviours and relationships that I was choosing in my life, which invariably were not helpful in attaining the joy that was my birthright. Through a development of my understanding, I was able to further develop my self-reflective and relational capacities. In becoming more accepting of myself, I am able to empathise with others and to practice non-judgement, be a better listener, as well as provide support for others without losing myself in the process. I am able to ask for and accept support, and see self-care as being a necessity rather than an indulgence. As a young child, I learnt at an early age that approval from my parents through being a high achiever was paramount to my sense of well-being. Like many, I became a driven by perfectionism, which later in life, invariably led to frustration, because that perfection could not be achieved. Through therapy, I have come to accept and like who I am, warts and all, and no longer needing to seek validation of my self-worth from external sources, but from within. I am able to have more choice in my life. I am grateful for so much more, and as a result, can allow myself to experience a fuller range of emotions and feelings, and to see that as healthy. I am able to experience each day with whatever it brings, acknowledging the past without regrets, and looking forward to whatever may arise in the future, learning from each experience, whilst remaining true to myself and to my values and beliefs. What I love most is that a client trusts me enough to take that courageous leap of faith to change something in their life that is not working for them, and allow me to support them on their journey to enhance the quality of their life. I feel very humbled and privileged to be able to do the work that I do and to see clients gradually become empowered to lead more satisfying lives. It is extremely rewarding to be able to work together to change patterns of behaviour that are not helpful, to have the client experience an increase in their self-esteem, to provide tools and the practice of using those tools so that they can have a different experience, which will lead to the realisation that they have the potential to achieve so much more from their lives. It is truly heart-warming to see a client feeling safe enough to allow themselves to be vulnerable, to work through difficulties and fears together, to make the brave decision to work more deeply and then to see them come through the other side, having more choice in their lives. In addition, I learn so much more about myself and grow from time spent with each client. Yes, of course I do. I am, after all, a human being, with all of the fallibilities, vulnerabilities and weaknesses (and strengths) that are part of the human condition. I am also a product of my past experiences and the relationships that have shaped me, and can be, and am, triggered by events that occur, often outside of my awareness. I am fortunate in that I have had training, have done lots of self-development work, engage in mindfulness practices such as meditation, and have ongoing therapy, so that I can deal with my bad hair days in ways that serve me better. Part of my success in dealing with bad hair days is acceptance that they do (and will) happen, rather than trying to disavow them, or wish that they didn’t happen, or worse still, blaming myself. Awareness of why they happen can be helpful (although not always necessary), although I personally find that awareness of how I react is more useful to
"It's a necessity." But now the 600 members of his group, as well as large fleet operators such as UPS and FedEx, are facing higher fines—and possibly more paperwork and time in traffic court—as a little-known yet controversial city policy comes under fire. The stipulated-fine program was established in 2004 by the Department of Finance to let businesses pay slightly reduced fines—and no fines at all for some infractions—in exchange for not contesting their tickets. It was mainly a way to reduce everyone's administrative costs while having delivery companies pay roughly what they would have otherwise. (The reductions were calculated with an eye on the percentage of tickets that were successfully challenged.) But the program was a sore point with advocacy groups such as Transportation Alternatives, which considered it a corporate giveaway that neutered traffic enforcement. Last month, in a bid at leveling the playing field for businesses not in the program—and furthering the city's congestion-reduction goals—the Finance Department announced that next month it would raise the program's fines, including those now set at zero. As if that were not bad enough for Thorpe's membership, in the same week five City Council members introduced a bill to abolish the program. They denounced it as a free pass to large corporations and a contributor to reckless parking and congestion. Thorpe says it's the council bill that's a giveaway—to parking-ticket brokers, who stand to gain business adjudicating tickets. He sees no way that the Finance Department's plan will change driver behavior or have any impact on congestion. "The theory of the program was there are bad things, good things and some things in between, and it taught the driver you're going to pay a lot to do bad things and little or none to do the others," Thorpe said. "Now they've put the bad and good closer together, removing the driver's incentive for doing the good, because it's going to cost just a little more to do the bad." In fact, good and bad parking behavior will not be punished that similarly. The most serious violations that get discounts, such as obstructing traffic ($10 off the $115 total), will now get no break at all, while many of the zero-fine infractions will cost $25. But Thorpe says those increases could cost some of his members hundreds of dollars a week—enough that he would consider taking them out of the program. The $35 fine for double parking outside Midtown is still better than the official $115, but he notes that double parking is legal for the first 30 minutes, and enforcement is not always scrupulous. In 2011 he sued the city, which for some years had been slapping double-parked delivery trucks with the more expensive violation of blocking a travel lane, which carried a $40 fine. In 2016 the city settled and paid those covered by the lawsuit $14 million. Even so, the Finance Department, which worked with the Department of Transportation on the new fine schedule, says more needs to be done to ease congestion. The agency says the stipulated-fine program has been sending the wrong signal to the wider parking universe by not reflecting the fact that not all double-parking tickets are dismissed. "We need the program to have incentives that are aligned with the city's goals to reduce congestion, and we need the program to be fair," said Finance Deputy Commissioner Jeffrey Shear. "We agree that the conversation about congestion is a larger conversation, and there are many other factors, and this program is one small piece. But we don't want to send the wrong message by saying double parking outside of Midtown will cost businesses nothing." The Transportation Department maintains that it is doing all it can. The agency is "committed to improving commercial accessibility throughout the five boroughs, especially in the context of our street-improvement projects," a spokeswoman said. As part of those projects, "new curb regulations are installed that are complementary to the larger curb-management goals of the corridor, such as faster bus mobility, reduction of double parking, and better commercial access." But the Transportation Department is aware that it's a long way from curing congestion when demand for deliveries from myriad e-commerce businesses, including Amazon and Fresh Direct, is bigger than ever. "Consumer demands and the amount of available space we have at the curb, they're at odds right now," Transportation Commissioner Polly Trottenberg said at a Crain's breakfast forum last month. She added that parking enforcement can only do so much, and larger fixes, including congestion pricing and technology such as license-plate readers, might be part of the answer. "Right now the demand for the curb exceeds the supply," she said. Some members of the City Council are not convinced that higher fines will make the program more effective. They say any solution will include abolishing stipulated fines. "This program doesn't work," said Costa Constantinides, a City Council member from Queens, who introduced the bill to end the program as one of several parking and transportation proposals. "Trucks are still parking in bike lanes. It's been around for years, and I really feel it's prohibiting us from having a real conversation around parking that we desperately need to have." As part of that conversation, the councilman introduced a bill that would require the Department of Citywide Administrative Services, which oversees city agencies, to have buildings under its jurisdiction receive deliveries between 7 p.m. and 6 a.m. "The city should lead by example," Constantinides said. That's not so simple, it turns out. A Transportation Department off-hours delivery program proved unworkable for many businesses, some of which had to add employees to accept the shipments. The councilman said his program would be "one part of the puzzle." As it happens, parking-ticket broker Glen Bolofsky has contributed more than $4,000 to Constantinides' campaign treasury in the past five years. A spokesman for the councilman dismissed the idea that the bill was intended to help brokers. "The majority of those that benefit from this [stipulated-fine] program are big-box delivery corporations who flout traffic laws at the expense of pedestrians, cyclists and drivers," the spokesman said. Bolofsky agreed that ending the program would help brokers, but he insisted the biggest beneficiary would be the public. "Congestion will be reduced," he said. "More money will be raised." Assuming 70% of double-parking tickets are dismissed, he estimated the city has forfeited $147.5 million over the life of the program by not fining participants for double parking beyond Midtown. The new schedule will collect about 30% of double-parking fines, but Bolofsky insists the program still benefits the biggest operators the most. He maintains that neither the city nor companies such as UPS will lose money adjudicating tickets, arguing that many companies still have in-house teams for the job, and automation can reduce the expense further. He noted that the city handled 12 million tickets a year in 1990, when they were handwritten, and had to deal with only 10 million last year. Enforcement agents now use handheld devices that reduce the errors and bad handwriting that led to dismissals. The Finance Department disagrees with his conclusions, saying both the city and the 1,751 companies in the program—encompassing 48,880 vehicles—would spend more without the program. "We would need more hearing officers," Shear said. "The companies would have to retain brokers or hire staff to defend against these parking tickets. In terms of revenue, there would be no increase to the city." Apart from whether the program is good for the city, a walk through Midtown with several UPS executives revealed how difficult following parking rules can be. Another option would be to park at a metered spot a couple of blocks away and cart diamonds by hand truck to recipients, which UPS rules out for security reasons. "It would put our driver and other people in the area at risk," said Axel Carrion, director of state public affairs. A few blocks away, on West 50th Street, where commercial parking was allowed at that hour, every space between Sixth and Seventh avenues was taken, mostly by delivery and commercial vehicles. There were two idling for-hire vehicles and three cars with "parking authorization" placards—the bane of parking-reform advocates—on their dashboard. Even when a UPS driver finds a legal spot, regulations can conflict with the company's efforts to operate efficiently. Using new dispatch-planning technology, the company has increased the number of packages a truck will carry to nearly 400 so that one truck does the work of two. But that truck needs to stay in one place much of the workday, doing pickups when it's done with deliveries. Parking rules—which aim to promote the flow of traffic and keep operators from hogging spots—require it to move after three hours. But circling the block will delay deliveries and the truck could lose the spot, so the driver will stay put. This reduces congestion and pollution. But the ticket, which costs program participants nothing, will set them back $25 under the new schedule. Overall UPS expects its payments under the fine program to jump 32% next year, to $21.8 million, with a $3.4 million increase from double parking and more than $1 million from unloading in the wrong spot or at the wrong time. The company says it would like to try other solutions, such as paying for spots where a truck could sit all day. Long term, it would like to see new building construction include space for unloading. Right now the firm is weighing the benefits of staying in the program. "My drivers can be trained to avoid the ticket, and we have drastically reduced the amount of tickets over the past couple of years," said Dan Byrnes, director of finance at UPS, adding that the city's
ocolait (in bottles). 14. Coney Island Ice Cream. Chocobot is best remembered as the brave candy brand who tried–but failed–to dethrone Choc Nut as Philippines’ favorite chocolate. Kids from the ’90s would swarm nearby sari-sari stores to have a handful of Chocobot, famous for its Transformers-inspired packaging. Not only did we buy it to taste the signature chocolate-peanut candy, but also to (hopefully) win a raffle of some sort. Remember the “Better Luck Next Time!” printed inside its wrapper? We never figured out what the mystery prize was because Chocobot soon vanished without a trace. Royal Sparkling Soda was born when San Miguel Brewery first ventured into the production of non-alcoholic, carbonated beverages. Also known as carbonated water, a sparkling soda is made by dissolving carbon dioxide in water. The chemical reaction produces a bubbly water which creates an illusion that it “sparkles,” hence the name. In the 1940s, Royal Sparkling Soda—advertised as “perfectly carbonated pure mineralized water”—came in green bottles shaped like bowling pins. Over the next decades until the product’s demise, the soda bottle transformed both in terms of design and color—from green to clear and back to green again. In its heyday, Tivoli was known as the “ice cream ng masa” because of its affordability. It became the staple of our childhood summer merienda and we didn’t care if it dripped onto our school uniform as long as we enjoyed its creamy goodness. Manufactured by Consolidated Foods Corporation (which later merged with John Gokongwei’s Universal Robina Corporation), Tivoli ice cream was made from the only ISO-certified ice cream plant in the Philippines. The brand suffered lack of innovation and several disputes with suppliers and dealers. In the end, the cost of the ice cream skyrocketed while its supply dwindled, giving the brand’s international counterparts an opportunity to dominate the local ice cream market. If you’re looking for one of the most, if not the most, unpopular soft drinks in the history of local soft drinks, look no further than Yes Cola. However, the thing that made it notorious also made this now-defunct soda brand memorable. So what’s wrong with Yes Cola? As some of the ‘60s and ‘70s kids would recall, each bottle of Yes Cola cost 15 cents. And as they always say, you get what you pay for. The locally-made soda, unlike other more popular brands, had a weird aftertaste. Its variant, the Apple Sidra soft drink, had the same issue: some displeased customers said it tasted like gasoline! In 2006, the popular fast food chain McDonald’s added an East-meets-West product on its menu. They christened it “McRice Burger” and soon hit the stores in Taiwan and Singapore before being launched in the Philippines. McRice Burger was based on the idea of creating a rice meal that Asians would enjoy anywhere without the use of utensils. Rice patties, which served as hamburger buns, were made from fragrant white rice. They were toasted to perfection and topped with black and white sesame seeds for that extra aroma. McRice Burger came in two variants: Beef Supreme and Chicken Supreme. Some consumers welcomed the idea; Filipinos, after all, won’t survive a day without eating rice. Sadly, they were outnumbered by those who thought it was a lame alternative to a regular rice meal, pushing the burger to the ever growing list of discontinued McDonald’s products in the Philippines. If there’s one thing that could explain Magnolia’s staying power, that would be its innovative ice cream flavors. In 1954, for example, the company launched the popular “Flavor of the Month” which, as the name suggests, introduced a different ice cream flavor every month to its Filipino consumers. The ice cream flavors born during this era ranged from the traditional to downright exotic: Chico, Choco Pretzel, Sweet Corn, and Banana Split, among others. Another memorable flavor was the Golden Nangka Fiesta which combined fruit salad and langka (jackfruit) to create a mouth-watering dessert ideal for fiestas and other special occasions. Magnolia’s “Flavor of the Month” set the standard for the company’s future product innovations such as the Sorbetes line of the 1980s, which used Philippine fruits and nuts, and the recently launched “Best of the Philippines” line, which pays tribute to different Philippine provinces and their native delicacies. Once upon a time, Magnolia joined forces with Nestlé Corporation to manufacture some of the most unique ice cream products Filipinos had ever tasted. Nestlé Non-Stop ice cream was one of them. Marketed specifically to teenagers, the defunct Nestlé Non-Stop was a three-layered ice cream in a cup generously topped with marshmallows, chocolate syrup, and crushed nuts. It also came with a free wooden spoon. Some of the most memorable flavors include the Choco Banana Split and the limited-edition Black Desire ice cream (see photo above) which was used to promote the blockbuster movie Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. Back when one peso was more than enough to buy yourself a merienda or school snack, Fress Gusto was the real deal. A bottle of this root beer soda, which only cost 25 centavos (later increased to 30 centavos), was a perfect companion for your favorite hopia. And who can forget that Mexican-inspired TV advertisement for Fress Gusto in the 1970’s? Little did we know that the young kid who popularized the tagline “You’ll like it very mucho!” would later dominate the local music industry as the one and only Gary Valenciano. We don’t consider Storck as a favorite childhood candy, but rather as an ‘adult’ candy we were once forced to eat. Whether as a remedy for motion sickness during a long trip or as an instant breath freshener, Storck was the menthol candy of choice back in the day. Storck outsold all its competitors, so much so that it was being exported to the U.S. by the mid-’90s. And then the unthinkable happened: the U.S. Drug Administration discovered in 1996 that the foil-like wrapper of Storck menthol candy had a high amount of lead–toxic enough to cause long-term learning and behavioral problems, among others. Storck Products Incorporated (SPI), the company behind the candy, refused to back down. With the help of a toxicologist, they let the public know that there’s no scientific evidence to prove that lead from the wrapper could be absorbed by the candy. However, the damage had already been done. Rebisco soon took over the struggling company and the Storck we once loved was renamed Starr. Nothing beats the original. And this is true with Magnolia Chocolait which came in mini glass bottles long before the company decided to put it in tetra packs. Everything about the old Chocolait screams “natural.” It was made from all-natural cow’s milk blended with high-grade chocolate. To enjoy its creamy goodness, you had to put it in the fridge for a while (or longer if you preferred it frozen). The chocolate part would settle at the bottom of the bottle so you had to shake it well before drinking. Hearing that trademark pop when opening the paper lid would signal you to start gulping it down. By the late 1960’s, Chocolait was sold at around 50 centavos. Choco-Vim, a similar yet cheaper chocolate-milk drink, cost 35 centavos. Both were manufactured by Magnolia; Chocolait was sold in square squat bottles while Choco-Vim came in straight-sided ones. The latter eventually phased out, while the former evolved and remains available to this day. Kids who grew up in the ’80s and ’90s remember Sunny as the poor man’s fruit juice. One bottle could be diluted with water to produce several glasses of fruit juice. For this reason, it became a staple of parties and other special occasions. Schoolchildren would often bring Coleman jug containing this juice as baon. Some public school teachers, on the other hand, made sideline business out of selling this cheap thirst quencher to their students. Manufactured by Food World Inc., this defunct juice concentrate came in different flavors such as orange, grape, strawberry, and ice cola. An advertising jingle which aired in the noontime show Eat Bulaga! made the product even more memorable. But as much as we wanted Sunny to stay in the market, there was just something too ‘artificial’ about its taste. This and the rise of higher quality products that overshadowed it ultimately sent Sunny to the graveyard. Moonbits was the forgotten Pinoy chocolate candy that once competed with Nips and M&M’s. They were button-shaped candy-coated chocolates manufactured by the defunct Filipino company Serg’s. Founded in 1954 by Anton Goquilay, Serg’s Products Inc. was named after Anton’s son, Sergio. Its unique brand of candy bars dominated the market for decades. In the 1980’s, however, the growing discontent with the Marcos administration forced the Goquilays to migrate to the United States. When Sergio left his teaching job in the US and returned to the Philippines, he brought his father’s company back to life. Serg’s Chocolates once again captured the heart of the Filipino market. However, the success was short-lived. When the 1997 Asian Crisis hit the Philippines, the beloved chocolate company was not spared. Several debts and labor disputes later, Serg’s filed for bankruptcy. Just like Sunny, Julep entered
hear them within the tub, we quickly understood the value of the built-in speakers, which project sound right at "ear level" inside the tub. This is a better way to keep the sound down, as we wanted to be sensitive to the neighbors. My husband is pleased with the sub-woofer which enhances the sound, considering the relatively small speakers. All-in-all, we're very happy with our purchase, and hope (expect) to continue using it as regularly as we do now! Rated 5 out of 5 by Gordon from Terrific Hot Tub!! I've had a couple of hot tubs but this one is the easiest to manage and keep in good shape. I love the filter location and the way the filter rises and falls with the water level. I have 9 grand kids and they lOVE the spa. When they get out of the tub I simply add a small amount of chlorine and the tub stays clean. What a dream this tub is. Rated 5 out of 5 by TimG from Ghormley Hot Tub Review We love our hot tub. Best purchase I've made in the past 20 years. Rated 5 out of 5 by Nate from well worth the money spent We have really enjoyed spending family time. in our hot tub..great time for all ages! Rated 5 out of 5 by Russ from Great Spa, but! I love my spa, but due to my ignorance I have trouble keeping out the suds. I clean my filter and use the sanitizer and clearifier as directed, but the suds seem to grow over night. Now the last two weeks the water appears to be going green? Whats up with that. I use the other products as directed and the PH is always good, So I just don;t know. Maybe a spa water treatment class is needed. Rated 5 out of 5 by Rackmanjru from Rest & Relaxtion Best purchase I ever made. We use our spa almost each and every day. Nothing like soaking each night to loosen tight sore muscles, We sleep better at night after using our spa. Easy to operate, empty and clean and easy to maintain chemical levels with the inline frogger cartridges. Don't wait buy one today! Rated 5 out of 5 by Tim from Vanto....Excellent value We love our Caldera Vanto spa. Enough room for my teenage daughters to have friends over. It has been extremely easy to maintain with Spa Frog. I added the blue tooth wireless sound system and it made our experience even more enjoyable. Even though last winter was rough in ohio, we never really complained since we had our spa to enjoy. Also, if you live in the Akron/Canton, I highly recommend Job Rite Spas, Awesome customer service!!!! Rated 5 out of 5 by Jsmaisey from One year of ownership and it is flawless! Every time I step into my Caldera Vanto I am amazed how good it is. The maintenance is so simple. The water stays so clean. And I have not noticed any increase in my power bill. This tub just seems so well built. The jets are strong and in exactly the right spot. At night the lights are just stunning. You have a very happy customer on your hands. Rated 5 out of 5 by cjgink608 from Love it We purchased our hot tub for our special needs daughter. We have all been able to enjoy it! We think the value is great for the wonderful quality and ease of use. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a hot tub! Rated 5 out of 5 by ang from valued purchase We love our spa! Enjoy it several times every week. Rated 5 out of 5 by thecaryzoo from We love the Vanto! This is our second hot tub. Our first one had a lounger and we never used it. You tend to float up! In this tub we can all sit with great jets. We sit in it every single day, all year long. Rain, snow, or sunshine! I even did my ALS ice bucket challenge in my hot tub! Our friends bought a Caldera after we bought ours since we loved ours so much. Rated 5 out of 5 by Scott7152 from What have we been waiting for? My wife and I have been married 29 years last month. For our anniversary gift to one another we decided to purchase a spa. We have talked about this for a long time. I always thought they were a waste of money, I was wrong! We absolutely love our Vanto and the fact that it is a non lounger was a selling point for us. It is very comfortable and we have three daughters that love it too. We believe we have the perfect set up for it with our deck and patio entertainment area. Nothing like watching some college football from the comfort of your spa!! Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from So happy with my choice of spa We shopped around from used to various brands of new and are so glad we settled on the Caldera Vanto. We purchased the pearl white one in the espresso cabinet a month ago. It looks beautiful and is very comfortable. Kids love it as well. Have no regrets on our decision. Water maintenance has been a breeze. Controls are great/intuitive and the quick features like 'sys on' and 'clean' are very handy. Rated 5 out of 5 by retired1968 from Vanto Our first hot tub, we love it, been in it daily since it was installed. A great addition to our home!! Rated 5 out of 5 by The Yoder's from Improved family time!!! This spa has really brought the family time back together. Every night we spend time together relaxing in the spa and enjoying each others company. It was well worth the money so far and, the system works perfectly. We haven't received a new electric bill yet to see how efficient it is. Overall, my family and I love it!!! Rated 5 out of 5 by DJW1200 from Love it Glad we bought it. Has a lot of room. We shopped at 3 different spa company's and seven seas treated us like we meant something to them. From buying the spa to install seven seas was awesome. We love our spa. Great place to sit and talk with he kids! Rated 5 out of 5 by Rmoon604 from Vanto We have had our new hot tub for about 1 month now and we love it. Rated 5 out of 5 by Jimmy from 3 RELAXING YEARS I hope readers know that all hot tubs are not the same. I have owned other brands and found out the hard way. I can tell you my Caldera Vanto is quiet and powerful. It needs almost no maintenance looks as new as the day I bought it. I have spent many hours with my family relaxing and strongly recommend Caldera to anyone I speak to about hot tubs. Rated 5 out of 5 by South Jersey from Wish we purchased it years ago! We have only had the spa for 1 month but we love it! Rated 5 out of 5 by Terry from Great hot tub first time My wife and I have done alot of shopping around. We have been very happy with this pick of the hot tubs that are out in the market. Myself, I have been very especially happy during the colder weather. I use the hot tub on a weekly basis. I am very happy with the vanto hot tub. I do not regret making this purchase. Well worth the value, effort and time that was invested to make the right choice. Thanks caldera for a great value... cannot express enough how much I enjoy my hot tub. P.S. with the aurround system. Rated 5 out of 5 by Boomer from Tub is wonderful! Our tub is wonderful! this was the best gift my wife and i ever gave ourselves! Rated 5 out of 5 by James from Month old We did our research and have loved our spa. Took only about a week for us to grasp and understand how to care for the water. We have used it as a family almost every night. Great conversations are happening between my wife and I and our 2 daughters. Rated 5 out of 5 by Soaking it up from Love this spa! I bought the Caldera Vanto at La Costa Pool & Spa in San Marcos, and I am so glad I did! I was lucky to meet the owner who sat me in every spa until I found the perfect fit in the Vanto. This spa fits tall and short people and the jets are perfect. I put off purchasing a spa because I thought it would be too much work. But this spa makes it easy. It has definitely been worth it and I know I have a reputable dealer and product should I need anything along the way. Thanks Caldera! Rated 5 out of 5 by One Life from Great Feeling The thought of being able to get into my Caldera spa after work makes me start relaxing immediately. I often feel the stress in my neck and shoulder area. Anticipating soaking in my spa melts my tightness away. Thank you Caldera! Rated 5 out of 5 by Stephanie777 from Love my Caldera We previously had a spa and it was nothing compared to Caldera! Best ever!!!! Rated 5 out of 5 by Melimey from Never thought I'd get a hot tub...... ....but so glad I did! If you've never had one you will quickly find it's so much more than just a place to relax in after a hard day's work: the therapeutic benefits of the massage jets have worked wonders (and probably saved me a few trips to the chiropractor). It's great in the winter but just as good in the summer when it's warm out. Rated 5 out of 5 by Ron from My hottub experience We thoroughly enjoy our spa. It is an awesome
orneuberg. But more importantly, breakfast was obtained from the Anker shop at Floridsdorf! Having had this I was so pleased that I composed a text to H to tell her about it, thus losing concentration and almost letting the S1 to Gänserndorf go! Very slow going to Gänserndorf, arriving about 7 late. Slow round Sussenbrunn (surely not still suffering the effects of the fire?) and from Deutsch Wagram (bustituted for the next two weekends so presumably moleworks). Still 35 minutes or so at Gänserndorf so I wandered up to the Turkish pub (see 7.8.08) which was of course closed. Seeing the main road nearby, an inspiration suggested there might be a garage, and it might sell beer. There was, and it did. Stiegl for €1.88, amongst other things. It even had a bar, but I thought that a bridge too far! 5047 049 duly arrived from Gross Schweinbarth and worked the 12:47 back. The connection from Wien arrived almost 10 late (in fact with 15 seconds to spare) so had I waited for that one I’d have been more than worried. A slightly surprising ride to GS – a lightly engineered line, which wasn’t surprising, but it runs past a large number of ‘nodding donkeys’. Seeing the first one or two I’d assumed they were for irrigation but when you get up close you can see the logo of OMV [Austria’s national oil company], suppliers of petrol and (to me a few minutes ago) beer. I don’t think the scale is sufficient to make Austria self-sufficient, somehow. [In fact I was right – it supplies only a small fraction of the country’s needs]. 4 minute connection at Gross Schweinbarth which turned up 2 minutes early so only just time for a phot. 5047 033 was the leading one of the pair. Quite why 049, the Gänserndorf one, buffered up to 2070 049 I don’t know (nor do I know why the 2070 was there, in the middle of nowhere). Very nice ride up to Sulz Museumsdorf (was Sulz-Nexing according to the old station nameboard). It’s a 100% agricultural area though and despite its convenience (runs alongside the main street in one village) it’s easy to see it as a target for the bean counters. As is the inevitable way of these things there’s a nice looking pub across the road from the station but with 15 minutes including wandering about and photting time – no. Once past Gross Schweinbarth [on the way back] there are a lot more nodding donkeys along the line to Obersdorf – along with vines, fruit trees, assorted crops and wind turbines. They certainly keep their options open. Also noted at Pillichsdorf was a brand new penny farthing [bicycle] – that’s certainly not anything I’ve seen before. And now I know what ‘Obersdorf hst.’ is about. If Sulz Museumsdorf does indeed close, the dead end line from Gänserndorf to Obersdorf, reversing at Gross Schweinbarth, would seem very vulnerable. [Again checking just before the alleged closure date, it seems that this line completes a quartet of non-closures, making my trip futile from that point of view!] That said there seemed to be quite a few who like me, left the branch train to join the 6020 for Wien from the high level station on the line from Laa an der Thaya, so maybe there’s enough through traffic. It’s certainly not a line for scenic attractions – flat as a pancake from GS to Obersdorf. Doing the change of plan at Absdorf-Hippersdorf and doing the Sulz lines east to west instead of west to east has (if the 6020 manages to stagger to Wien Südbf) gained me half an hour and a chunk of track, so very worthwhile despite my general aversion to changing the plan on the fly. And so to Wien Südbf, collect some food and a couple of beers and settle down for 4 hours of dead track in the dark on IC537, catchily named Alpen-Universität Klagenfurt even though it goes to Villach. A dreadful long slog even with the assistance of Messrs Gösser, Ottakringer and iPod. Once past Wiener Neustadt it was dark; the train was full but not wedged and I had an ‘aircraft’ seat to myself throughout (no, I didn’t leave my bag on the other seat). I could have done without all the coughs and sneezes from in front of me but I’m still here! The only thing that made it dreadful was the suffocating heat. It amazes me that the Austrian nation hasn’t become extinct in such unpleasant and unhealthy conditions! To my relief the train arrived on time at Klagenfurt, where there was plenty of fresh air to be had on the 20 minute (plus another 5 getting slightly lost) walk to the hotel. Food was dispensed with, it looking too much like hard work at 21:00 on a Sunday. No English to be had this morning (and an undercharge on the bill which had them after me for another €5). Generally a nice hotel though (Liebetegger) and I’d stay there again. Pleasant morning for the stroll down to the station, noting the Christmas decorations which are far more restrained and seemly than ours. Called at Spar for water supplies; for future reference there’s a Billa next to the station as well. Provided it’s a day when Austria’s open of course. Also noted was ‘Kleinbahn’, a model railway shop on the west (left going into town) side of Bahnhofstrasse, 5 minutes or so from the station. And of course, the (still) shut homebrew pub 100m from the station! [It shut 20 minutes before I arrived the previous night and hadn’t opened again when I left on the Monday]. Interesting quirk when EC114’s stock arrived by DB’s first of class 101 001. I dived in to wait in comfort (and make sure of a decent seat!). This was DB IC stock and all the reservation signs (the electronic ones) said ‘GGF RESERVIERT’. No paper ones to be seen in my coach of choice, and I was baffled. I had the bright idea of asking, so wrote it down and trotted off to find an English speaking ÖBB person. Found one on the platform – he said he hadn’t the faintest idea what it meant. Decided that I’d go for it anyway and in a different coach found paper labels of the traditional kind. So it looks like ‘Ggf. Reserviert’ means ‘I’m not working, read the paper ones’. An excellent ride to Bischofshofen – lakes, mountains, long tunnels, steep gradients, the whole works. It’s fairly (no, very) leisurely, but when you look at the landscape that’s reasonable enough. I was quite surprised to see a car carrier service through the Tauern tunnel given that there’s a parallel motorway. Punctuality was good, never worse than 3 late and we ran into Schwarzach-St Veit just astern of IC515 which was running in off the Salzburg line. I decided to stick with EC114 in case Schweers & Wall’s interpretation (physical junction east of the station) was correct though I never did work it out. Easy connection into 515 which ran into P3 at Bischofshofen just after I got there from P5. It was formed from DB ex-IR stock which though still comfortable is looking decidedly tatty inside despite the external repaint. We were delayed 8 minutes waiting the München-Klagenfurt EC which was 20 minutes late. Hopefully no consequences of lost paths, but we’ll see. 1044 049 is the haulage. None. A nice gentle plod through the mountains, arriving about 6 late for my 40 minute connection. Into the buff for a beer (open until 14:00 this time – see 30.08.09) only to find it only sells no-alcohol ‘beer’. Off to the village – two of the three pubs shut and no time left for the other one which was more of an amusement arcade anyway. The tobacconist was on his 12:00-14:45 lunch – nice work if you can get it. So I returned empty handed to 4024 065 on the 13:21 REX to Linz for the final track of the trip. Not the most inspiring run on a very grey afternoon though it’s still quite spectacular in the upper reaches. Further down towards the Danube it’s flood plain land, pretty dull. The new alignment between Kirchdorf and Wartberg is now in use; as there’s a new Nußbach station I assume the old one’s gone – add one to the ‘too late’ list. Can’t help wondering if the moleworks which foiled us in August were the commissioning of the new line. So to Linz, looking pretty dismal on a grey Monday but at least it has places to eat! A very nice schnitzel was supplied by the Café de Paris – I doubt I could have eaten it all even with more
with dessert pastes, whipped with butter or margarine, and re-whipped. Used for filling and decorating tortes, slices, Swiss rolls, desserts, chocolates, and biscuits. Bianka MB is a basic cream with has a neutral flavour, long shelf life, and is quick and easy to use. Bianka MB is used in the production of fat cream fillings, including light and fluffy butter or fat creams. Frio is a powdered baking mix with fine custard flavour. It is cold soluble and freeze-stable. Mainly used as a filling, but also can be used in tortes, desserts, puff, choux, and Danish pastries. Bon Caramel is a sticky soft caramel filling with a fine caramel flavour. Good for piping, bake-proof, freeze-stable and has no added preservatives. Bon Caramel is used in the production of various baking applications, mainly used as a filling or topping in pastries and other desserts. Ready-to-use crunchy filling with 4% chocolate, roasted hazelnuts and almonds and 20% biscuits in flakes to fill truffles and pralines, put a crunchy layer on sponges and pound cakes, create special desserts and mousses, fill everything else. Ready-to-use crunchy filling with 12% roasted pistachios and 20% biscuits in flakes to fill truffles and pralines, put a crunchy layer on sponges and pound cakes, create special desserts and mousses, fill everything else. Pasteurized egg white powder used for preparing special meringues, macarrons, vanilla cream and other dishes that require egg white. J-Forte Vanilla Seeds Paste is a bake stable, highly concentrated dessert paste with rich vanilla taste and real vanilla seeds. High quality green tea powder with strong aroma that contains Kyoto-Uji Maccha—the most historic maccha origin in Japan. The Uji Maccha Mix Powder contains 15% chlorella to prevent loss of color. Suitable for baking sweets. Powdered whipped topping used for piping on top of cakes and desserts. Produces a light and fluffy cream which has a good flavour to complement cakes and desserts. S-Mix Cake Emulsifier is a premium cake stabilizer from a blend of high quality emulsifier and other functional ingredients. It provides an all-in-one mixing method, making the process more convenient. It is ideal for cake products like chiffon, sponge, rolls, taisan and cupcake. Superior Vegetable Shortening is a specialty prepared from a blend of specially processed vegetable oils. It maintains an excellent plasticity and good creaming performance which ensures optimum product quality and higher consumer acceptance. It is best for breads, biscuits and other baked goods. FreshFields Diced Apple in a pouch contains fresh 100% New Zealand apples, offering a versatile, nutritious ingredient for a wide range of catering applications. No added preservatives, sugar or water. Powdered fine baking ingredient for production of Muffins, Cupcakes, pound cakes etc. Enjoy the combination of ube flavour and colouring in one package. Simple and economical combination of ube flavouring and colouring. Enjoy the flavour and colour of Buko Pandan in one package. Simple and economical combination of flavouring and colouring. Enjoy the rich mocha flavour and colour in one package. Simple and economical combination of mocha flavouring and colouring. Enjoy the delicious flavour and colour of Chocolate in one package. Simple and economical combination of chocolate flavouring and colouring. Concentrated crystals with strong citrus flavour (lemon). Mainly used for flavouring yeast dough, cakes, creams, biscuits and other various pastries. Concentrated crystals with strong citrus and natural orange flavour. Mainly used for flavouring yeast dough, cakes, creams, biscuits and other various pastries. Dessert Paste Mocca is a concentrated dessert paste flavouring compound with a rich mocha flavour. It is easy to use, bake proof, and retains it’s full taste even after freezing. Mainly used to flavour fresh cream, butter cream, ice cream, milk shakes, fillings, pound cakes, sponges, coatings, toppings, and other various desserts. Dessert Paste Strawberry is a concentrated dessert paste flavouring compound with a rich strawberry flavour and colour. It is easy to use, bake proof and retains it’s taste even after freezing. Mainly used to flavour fresh cream, butter cream, ice cream, milk shakes, fillings, pound cakes, sponges, coatings, toppings, and other various desserts. Combani Vanilla Essence is a thick liquid flavouring compound with real bourbon-vanilla flavour. It is bake proof, freeze stable, and is suitable to use for diabetics. Mainly used to flavour cake batters, biscuits, cookies, sponges, fresh creams, butter cream, sweet doughs, yeast doughs, and other various desserts. Powdered fresh cream stabilizer with freeze-dried mascarpone powder for the production of typical Italian cream tortes, slices, desserts, Swiss rolls, omelettes etc. Martin Braun’s signature cream stabilizer. Mainly used for the production of mousse cakes and glass desserts. Gives whipped topping needed stability. Powdered fresh cream stabilizer with freeze-dried strawberry fruit pieces. For cream tortes, slices, desserts, Swiss rolls, omelettes etc. Bring out your creative side with the rose patterned dessert baking mats brought to you by Demarle Flexipan (for use on baking trays). Your hidden talent in baking will surely be found when you use Demarle’s Labyrinth patterned baking trays. Make baking more enjoyable with Demarle Flexipan. Express your creativity with Venetian Cane patterned baking trays brought to you by Demarle Flexipan. Make baking more fun with Demarle. Silpain mats are the perforated version of the Silpat. Heat gets transferred more efficiently with the mat’s perforation making it the ideal choice for baking breads, choux, tarts and other products. Highly durable (with over 3000 baking times or 10 years). Silpat non-stick baking mats are the most recognized baking sheet in the industry. It is ideal for baking cookies, pastries, and meringue. Highly durable (with over 3000 baking times or 10 years). Bond with your kids and friends while baking delicious treats with playful teddy bear moulds made by Demarle. Demarle Flexipan is a non stick pastry mould suited to all types of applications. Tired of circles, squares and triangles? Use the Hexagon patterned moulds by Demarle. Demarle Flexipans are non stick flexible baking trays suited for everyday use. Change the way you do your pastry with Flexipan Square Savarins flexible moulds. Make baking extra fun with Demarle Flexipan. Spread the love with heart-shaped pastries and goodes made possible with Demarle Flexipan Interlacing Hearts mould/tray. It is non stick and is suited to all types of applications. Serve your loved ones with perfectly shaped pastries as their delightful snack using Demarle Flexipan Mini Squares pastry moulds. Demarle moulds are non stick and is suited to all types of applications. Treat your guests and loved ones with shaped goodies during snack time. Demarle Champagne Biscuit patterned moulds are non stick and is suited for everyday use. Make snack time more fun with half sphere shaped treats and goodies using Demarle Flexipan Half-Sphere patterned baking moulds. Baking is fun with Demarle. Bake your loved ones oval-shaped treats and goodies using Demarle Flexipan oval patterned pastry moulds. Flexipan is non stick and suited to all types of applications. Make someone’s day better with lozenges-shaped pastries. These moulds are non stick and is suited for everyday use. Treat your loved ones with triangle shaped pastries made possible with Demarle Flexipan Moulds. These moulds are non stick and is suited to all types of applications. Have a taste of Egypt with every pastry shaped like a pyramid. Demarle Flexipan pastry moulds are non stick and is suited to all types of applications. Lighten up the look of your pastries with star shaped moulds made by Demarle. Demarle Flexipan is a non stick pastry mould perfect to use on special occasions. Make well-shaped pastry bases to decorate your baked goodies using Demarle Flexipan moulds. Flexipan are non stick flexible trays perfect for baking. Clear gel glaze that has a neutral flavour, and can be flavoured and coloured with dessert pastes. Mainly used for decorating and glazing of cakes, pastries, fruits, and other various desserts. Caramel gel glaze that has fine caramel flavour and appearance. It is freeze stable is mainly used for decorating and glazing cakes, pastries, and fruits. A gel glaze that has a mild chocolate flavour. Can be flavoured and coloured with dessert pastes and is mainly used for decorating and glazing of cakes, pastries, fruits, and other various desserts. A cold setting gel. This product has a strawberry flavour and a red appearance. Freeze stable is mainly used for decorating and glazing cakes, pastries, fruits, and other various desserts. Concentrated gold coloured food colour paste for colouring and decorating. Ready to use on chocolate coatings, mix or marble with any water based glazes, cakes or desserts, decorate fruits, mix and twist with topping’s decorations and also decorate cream pastries, when mixed with toppings. Shiny red pearls used as substitutes for cherries. Mainly used for decorating cakes, pastries and other desserts. A croquant in the form of small crunchy pieces. Has a nutty flavour and contains hazelnut kernels. It is bake proof and non-sticky.
into three major social statuses: the aristocrats (jao), the freeholders (phrai), and the slaves (khiikhaa). The aristocracy was internally differentiated by economic and political power. The greatest power and prestige were concentrated in those lords who occupied the five top positions in each of the kingdoms, while lesser members of the aristocracy whose inheritances had dwindled were barely separable from the peasantry at large. Free villagers were all liable to perform corvée labor and pay tribute to the ruling lords, but they were internally differentiated according to economic class. The wealthiest villagers rivaled many members of the aristocracy; in fact, many had royal titles and intermarried with the lower levels of the aristocracy. Villagers spanned the economic continuum, from those with land and numerous animals down to those who were destitute or landless beggars. The difference between slaves and free villagers was also often a gray area. Elite slaves sometimes worked very closely with their lords and received more benefits than ordinary commoners. On the other hand, the conditions for ordinary slaves were generally worse than those for commoners since the former were at the mercy of the lords. (For more on 19th century northern Thai social structure, see Bowie 1988; Calavan 1974; Ganjanapan 1984.) Nonetheless, although portions of this social spectrum overlapped, there were significant differences in lifestyle from one end of the spectrum to the other. To give an idea of the purchasing power of a rupee at this time, some indications of wage rates are suggestive. Although very few statistics on northern Thai wage labor rates survive, I was able to find three references in the archival sources.16 According to the British trade report of 1894, porters were paid 12 to 15 rupees per month, assuming they carried an average load of 15 to 20 viss; about 54 to 73 pounds (Archer 1895). Some figures on the wages paid to laborers in the teak industry also survive. According to W. J. Archer, the British vice consul, Khamu workers who could once be hired for 40 to 60 rupees a year (and their food) could in 1894 no longer "be had under Rs. 70 to Rs. 90 a year" (1895). Writing five years later, Acting Consul J. Stewart Black gave somewhat lower wage figures, while also lamenting the increasing costs. He noted that Khamu workers were paid 30 to 50 rupees per annum, in addition to their food, which cost about 5 rupees per month, or an additional 60 rupees per year. Black wrote that in 1899 some teak laborers were being paid as much as 120 rupees (food included) and went on to castigate the native villagers for their indolence, commenting that "not even the attraction of what is to him [sic] a small fortune will induce them to undergo for any length of time the hard labour and isolation of forest work" (1 900).17 Thus, forest workers in the teak industry were earning anywhere from 90 to 120 rupees per year (including the value of their food), or about 7 to 10 rupees per month. Such wages paid to forest workers were considered a "small fortune." Although the wages paid to porters were higher, it should be noted that portering such heavy loads required tremendous stamina and could be done by only the strongest villagers. Furthermore, such employment was seasonal. According to oral histories, the wages paid to agricultural workers were less. Many villagers cited rates of one win (approximately one-seventh of a rupee) per day for agricultural labor at the turn of the 20th century.18 Archival sources suggest that wages for teak workers averaged one-quarter to one-third of a rupee per day and those for porters averaged half a rupee per day. Villagers also recalled that in the early 20th century one rupee could buy a full set of clothing, including a homespun shirt and pair of pants or skirt. Clearly, the aristocracy's most luxurious clothes were not likely to serve as daily casual wear. Nonetheless they marked a significant distinction in purchasing power and social status between the elite and ordinary villagers. A tin jok skirt border that cost 60 rupees represented at least four months' wages for the best-paid porter and over a year's wages for agricultural workers. Everyday peasant dress already represented anywhere from two to seven days' wages and thus constituted a considerable expense for the ordinary wage laborer. The ruling lords of the northern Thai kingdom also had distinctive regalia, including umbrellas and spittoons. Whether a formal sumptuary code existed is, as I mentioned earlier, unclear. However, even without the evidence of sumptuary laws, I believe that there is considerable indication of significant class differentiation through dress.19 With the exception of state robes and regalia of rank, differences in dress may well have formed a continuum of wealth rather than a clear-cut differentiation based on status. Poorer members of the aristocracy, less able to afford the most elaborate of clothes, would have blended with those below them. Conversely, wealthier members of the rural elite, especially those who had intermarried with the lower ranks of the aristocracy, would have dressed more ornately. Nonetheless, overall, when one considers the cost of elite dress in light of the economic situation of poor villagers who were begging, stealing, or patching their simple clothing, a dramatic distinction emerges. Textiles were used not only for dress but also for a variety of household items and on various ritual occasions. Such uses of textiles also revealed considerable differences according to wealth. Although the poorest villagers often did without, ordinary villagers used textiles for making mattress and pillow covers, blankets, bed sheets, and mosquito nets. In general the mattress and pillow covers were plain indigo or black with red stripes or trim. Bed sheets were plain white or white with a red stripe or checked pattern; fancier sheets had embroidery and in some cases more complex weaves. Mosquito nets were woven on special large looms, and many informants complained about how heavy homespun cotton mosquito nets were to wash. Cloth also figured importantly in the lives and rites of the elite. In addition to owning more and fancier clothes, the elite had more and better household items. Instead of just having enough mattresses, pillows, and other bedding items for the family, wealthier families had additional bedding sets for guests. Furthermore, the guest bedding was considered an object of display and so was more likely to have embroidered ends and complex, time-consuming weaves. Even today wealthy village families usually have wood cabinets with glass doors along the wall of the main room of their home to showcase guest bedding sets. The possession of ornate pillows was another particularly significant attribute of elite households. Although Thais had a variety of pillows, the prestige pillows were usually triangular and were used for daytime reclining. Their importance was highlighted in a British official's passing remark that such pillows were "to be seen in every house of any pretensions" (Lowndes 1871).25 Furnishing their palaces, the northern Thai princes displayed numerous luxury items such as foreign-made weapons, chandeliers, mirrors, lanterns, curtains, reclining pillows, and even imported carpets (Taylor 1888-1930:73; Younghusband 1888:63-64). In 1830 Richardson noted the presence of Indian and Chinese carpets (1829-36:63), and in 1885 Ernest Satow recorded that the ruling lord of Chiang Mai had European furniture and "a number of gaudy Brussels carpets" (1885-86:51). The full extent of the differences between commoners and aristocracy was most visible when members of the ruling elite traveled in state or participated in public ceremonies. Royal barges had large cloth canopies: the royal barge of the central Thai king, according to one observer, featured "a canopy of cloth of gold where the King sits on a golden throne wearing a gold embroidered coat and golden shoes" (Dodd 1923:289). The royal entourage often consisted of scores of boats, the rowers all clad in matching uniforms. The elite also traveled by horse or elephant, the animals gaily festooned with decorative textiles. On state occasions, the highest ranks of the nobility used gold and silver decorative caparisons. Mary Cort noted that the gold elephant trappings were "worth thousands," whereas the silver trappings were "worth hundreds" of rupees (Cort 1886:349). In addition to making public prestations such as those at the Kathin ceremonies, the elite would have given considerable amounts of textile goods away during any other life-cycle or calendrical ceremonies they might hold. Thai ceremonials usually included a merit-making component in which gifts, including monastic robes and embroidered pillows, were given as offerings to the monks (see Davis 1984). Archival sources also note the use of textiles as gifts to visiting dignitaries: the gifts given to Satow, a British official, by the ruling chief of Lampang included velvet mattresses, pillows adorned with Chinese brocade, and silk skirts (Satow 1885- 86:206). Thus, not only did the peasants and the lords differ considerably in terms of dress and household possessions, but they also differed in the extent to which they donated textiles on ritual occasions. In this article thus far I have depicted significant differences between the elite's and the peasants
Fertility Centers of Illinois is offering a WONDERFUL opportunity to someone in Illinois who is struggling with infertility and looking at IVF – a free cycle!! I wish I would have known of this while I was there, but it’s all good now. Anyway, they are having a golf fundraiser to raise money to help couples afford IVF. You can apply to receive this amazing gift – simply click here to be taken to the fundraiser’s web page, and then click on the application link. That simple! I hope this reaches someone in Illinois that this could really help to reach our ultimate goal: a baby in our arms. Good Luck! Mother’s day is hard. There’s no question about that. I don’t think I need to rehash something that we all know and feel…but I did want to share this article written by Nia Vardalos (from My Big Fat Greek Wedding). It’s a great way to explain what we all go through, not just on Mother’s Day, but every day that we struggle with infertility and loss. In some amazingly good news, my blog friend K from Waiting for Sunflower has had her little baby boy!! I’m so happy for her. She and I have almost parallel stories (PCOS, MTHFR, 2 miscarriages) – I’m so happy that she has finally gotten her Sunflower, she deserves every bit of happiness. If you have some time, swing over to her blog and leave her a note of congratulations! In other news, please keep K from Waiting for Sunflower in your thoughts, prayers, ritual sacrifices, whatever it is that you do. She is getting nearer and nearer to her due date. She will be induced on Friday morning unless the little guy decides to make his appearance before that. Please offer her support as she prepares to meet her baby! Doody called “Online Infertility Community Celebrates National Awareness Week“ and in the article, there is a link back to my post about our #infertility campaign on Twitter! How exciting is that!!! And some of you were quoted from your Tweets that day! Check it out and marvel at the power of social networking to help bring awareness about infertility, during NIAW and all year long! We rock ladies (and gents…)!! So yesterday you may have noticed my blog about my Twitter campaign. I’ve met an AMAZING group of women and men through Twitter that are suffering or have dealt with infertility. Many of them have blogs, but not all do. It’s a great place to go for instant advice or support in this IF world. The friends I’ve meet through my blogging and twitter worlds are beyond wonderful. They have been there for me during my 2 miscarriages, through 3 of my 4 IUI’s (during my 1st one I had not yet begun to blog), during my worries of finances to pay for it all, new diagnosis’ and my continuing journey to find my way down this Long and Winding Road. Well, I signed on to Twitter today at work like I do. I normally just check it when I have some spare time and see what people are up to. Offer support to those in a difficult place in their journey and rejoice with those who receive good news. I don’t know when or why the idea popped into my head, but I decided that #infertility needed to be a trending topic on Twitter. If you’re not familiar with how Twitter works, I’ll try to give a brief description. You get 140 words to say something to those that “follow” you – anyone who has signed up to can see what you say, and you see what others say, based on who you follow. They also have this trending topics thing, where if you put a # in front of a word, Twitter tracks it. The more people who say that word in a tweet, the more popular the topic becomes. On the side bar of your Twitter page there is a “top 10” of sorts of the words that are “trending” the highest – those that are mentioned the most by everyone who has a Twitter account. So, like I said, I decided to make #infertility one of the Top 10 on April 19th…So I said: “we should try to make #infertility a trending topic…who’s in??” Soon I had a few of my followers joining in on the idea! We were tweeting to each other about making people more aware of infertility or supporting each other through laughter (@fromiftowhen mentioned she’d like to get shirts made that say “I was out of the office b/c I was getting knocked up by my doc”). Soon there were a ton of tweets going back and forth in the IF twitter community mentioning #infertility and trying to get others to join the campaign! I shared some statistics on infertility “National Survey of Family Growth 1995: approx 6.1 mil women & partners in US are affected by #infertility that’s10% of reproductive-age pop” which were retweeted (repeated by someone else so all of their followers could see what I said) by @wombwarrior. Soon I decided it was time to go on the offensive and attack the current trending topics, hoping that would help. Other topics were discussed: what has infertility taught you? Who supports you in your IF journey? I got to know so much about my IF Twitter community today, it was amazing! I also “met” a ton of new IFers on Twitter and got a lot of new followers. In the end however, we did not make it to the Top 10 Trending Topics today – but I’m not giving up! National Infertility Awareness Week is April 24-May 1, 2010. This week was created by Resolve, a great organization focused on bringing issues of infertility to light and making sure that we are spoken for in this world! I’m going to re-launch my campaign on April 26th (that’s next Monday) to get #infertility to be a Trending Topic on Twitter! I’m hoping with some planning ahead and getting the word out there we can do it this time! I’m even going to try and get the word to Ellen DeGeneres via Twitter (thanks for the idea Twitter ladies! I’m not sure who @ replied her first, if it was you, let me know so I can give you credit here) to have she and her fans help our #infertility trending campaign. I can’t do this with out you, my fellow Tweeters! Spread the word! Blog about the campaign! Tell all of your friends, IRL (in real life) and online!! Please help me to achieve this goal – together I KNOW that we can do it! We will begin on April 26th, whatever time zone you’re in when that day roles around, begin to add #infertility to all of your tweets, even if they’re not about infertility! Every tweet counts!! Thank you, thank you everyone – hope to see you again on April 26th! In other news, I’m starting a campaign of sorts on Twitter today. I’ve found an awesome community of IF tweeps (?), tweeters (?), twitterers (?)…anyway, a lot of them are people that I follow on their blogs, but with twitter there is an instant support network when things go good or bad in the IF life…If you’re not on Twitter, you can ignore this appeal (or join to help!). If you ARE on Twitter, I’m trying to get the word #infertility trending today. All you have to do is tweet something and add the word #infertility with the little hash tag/number sign thing-y. I’d love to bring some more awareness to the world about infertility and all the crap we have to go through! If you can help, that’d be awesome! Hope you are all well and that your cycles, pregnancies and/or new babies are going great! It is a very serious disease and the only “cure” is to completely cut out all gluten from your diet. As you may imagine, this severely limits ones food choices. Although, a lot of G-free foods are very tasty! I’ve had a lot since she was diagnosed and made many myself. When it’s a matter of life or death (which it is for her…if she has gluten it could kill her) you find ways! Why am I bringing this up here? Well the very lovely and talented Stirrup Queen posted a link on her Twitter to this article linking celiac disease with infertility. Celiac disease blocks your body for absorbing nutrients (such as Vitamin D, calcium and Folic Acid…seem important?), there by causing fertility issues and recurrent miscarriages. The article points to a blogger, Waiting in Sunshine and her post about her celiac’s and infertility. I think this is an important issue to look into for those of us still in the trenches. In April I go in for some big blood work to see if there is any reason I continue to loose my babies. The PCOS explains my difficulty getting pregnant (though with metformin now, we seem to have helped that problem out a lot) but now we’re looking into why I can’t stay pregnant. The MFM doc I saw didn’t see any reason in my ultrasound and past testing to explain it. What if all my tests come back okay? What then? I don’t think I have any of the celiac symptoms, but the blood test is so easy to check for it, and I know there are clinics that offer free testing for it all the time. It would be something to look into if there is no other explanation. I’m not putting this up here to make everyone think that there IF/miscarriage issues are caused by celiac disease. I’m just saying it’s certainly something to consider if all else fails. This post is about something I just heard about today (thanks to Maybe Baby?).
clue is when you really like owning “that kit” or “that brass engine” but have no interest in building or painting it, and certainly no interest in selling it. Nothing wrong with that, though I do advocate facing up to the reality that is right under your nose. Or maybe you have just let things get out of hand. You know perfectly well that some of those kits were bought with objectives in mind that are no longer operative. I used to pick up structure kits all the time, when I lived in Pittsburgh and my layout had several sizable areas which were undefined, and thus could conceivably host any one of a number of structures. Now those areas are far distant in the rear-view mirror, and the kits, though still kind of nice, are clearly surplus. And there were plenty of freight car kits on my shelf which, when I looked at them objectively, really were not needed for my freight car fleet nor were sufficiently “fun” just to build. That makes ’em surplus. I have written in earlier posts about the gradual change in my freight car fleet, with the disposal of older models as well as unneeded kits (for example: http://modelingthesp.blogspot.com/2014/12/a-right-size-freight-car-fleet.html ). The process continues. I never planned to replace the older models which were the best I could do at that time (remember when Athearn “Blue Box” box cars were the starting point for all 40-foot steel box cars?), but that’s what has been happening over the last two decades. I have now disposed of close to 350 cars, in the form of kits and of older, complete models, and have acquired or built about 275 new cars, in kit or ready-to-run form. The net effect has been to reduce my stash of car kits substantially. Resin in particular has been addressed very thoroughly, with more than 125 resin car kits either built or sold. One good effect of car kits of various kinds passing through my hands is that in many cases I have made a Xerox copy of kit instructions to keep, as the information can be pretty valuable in itself, not only the prototype data but model-building techniques. I even like to look at the instructions for kits owned for a long time, as a reminder of what I once wanted to do, and that can refresh some of my present planning. So even keeping your stuff moving can leave you with something of value. Practically every modeler has a stash of some kind, whether it’s structure or car kits like I discussed above, or brass engines that you “might need,” or materials like brick paper or basswood sheet or flat brass wire or . . . you recognize the pattern. This can be an asset when you need something out of that collection, but may need to be dealt with when it starts to overflow the storage space — or overflow what you are comfortable holding on to. It just needs to be evaluated from time to time. Over the years, I have accumulated a few older models that continue to serve as “mainline” freight cars, that is, cars which normally do not get switched to or from my on-layout industries, but simply pass by in the mainline freight trains (this was discussed in the last paragraph of this post: http://modelingthesp.blogspot.com/2010/12/upgrading-old-models-3.html ). Some of these have older trucks I had never bothered to replace, and recently I got to looking at a few of them and decided they needed to be upgraded. If nothing else, this can be seen as a response in accord with my freight car standards (see for example: http://modelingthesp.blogspot.com/2011/03/model-freight-car-standards.html ), but also reflects problems like oversize flanges, out-of-tram truck behavior, or other operational issues. As an example, I will use a Mantua reefer. Minimal upgrading had been done to it, retaining its molded-on grab irons and sill steps, but with a reasonable paint and lettering job, as well as weathering. I have been working on some other “mainline” cars also needing new trucks, including some old tank car models and two Athearn metal house cars, but will just describe the Mantua example. Shown above is the car body, prepared as described. Notice the route card, located right outside the black rectangle identified as the location for such cards. This card location is often seen in photos, no doubt deliberately done by car clerks who didn’t wish to be dictated to. The car is intended to represent the MDT cars with steel ends and wood-sheathed sides built in 1941. The problem with the trucks can be seen in the view below. The Mantua truck is assembled as two cast metal sideframes, with a sheet steel bolster inserted into each sideframe. The sharp “cookie cutter” wheel flanges are an artifact of the 1950s. You can click to enlarge. I first tried to disassemble the truck so the wheelsets could be replaced, but could not separate the parts. Also, I could see that the axle ends of the Mantua wheelsets are very narrow, so that the sideframes would not readily accept modern wheelsets. I decided to just replace the entire truck. The original truck screws are very short and work only with the sheet-metal bolster shown above, so I simply tapped the hole deeper with a 2-56 tap, and chose new screws. One can of course apply a generic AAR truck to cars like this. However, there are plentiful resources in existence to provide prototype information. In the case of MDT, the book Merchants Despatch, by Roger C. Hinman (Signature Press, 2011) is the relevant example, and I examined a number of photos in the book to choose a suitable truck for this model. I ended up using the Tahoe Model Works truck TMW-106, an ARA sideframe design with spring planks, produced by Buckeye. The kind of job shown above on the Mantua reefer is almost trivial, except that it brings another car into conformance with standards, and also makes for better operation, when the oversize flanges of the Mantua wheelsets are replaced. In actuality, this kind of task goes on all the time with my fleet, and I only mention this instance here to use it as an example of the process. I’ve just returned from a visit to Cuba on a licensed “People to People” tour, and there were plenty of interesting aspects to the trip, but here I will just write about the railroad and modeling aspects of interest. First, a little history. Cuba developed a rail network very early, plenty of it to serve sugar mills and plantations, but plenty more to connect cities. By 1958, Cuba had the most rail mileage per square mile of any country in the world. After the 1959 revolution, the existing railway companies were nationalized as Ferrocarriles Nationales de Cuba, which they remain today. An unfortunate aspect of a single national railway entity on an island is that there is no need to letter the name or even the initials of the owner on any equipment; there is no interchange. Rolling stock thus has a rather bare look, often bearing only a number and some very minor dimensional data. The FC, as it’s often designated, dieselized its main lines in the 1960s, and sugar operations gradually followed suit, eliminating steam on even the most backward plantations by about 2000. But many small steam locomotives have been preserved, and a few restored for tourism. Because of the U.S. embargo, new locomotives and rolling stock have been purchased elsewhere throughout the world, from the Soviet Union and China, to France, Germany, Britain and countries in eastern Europe, and in recent years, even freight cars from Iran. The resulting fleet is polyglot, to say the least. I will only show a few photos, and apologize in advance for not knowing more about the prototypes. I searched a number of Cuban bookstores for locomotive or train books, and found almost nothing. The internet coverage is spotty and sometimes contradictory. I hope anyone with a more substantial knowledge of the subject can help. But these are only intended as illustrations. In Camaguey, the old railway station is terribly decrepit, though restoration is in progress, and a small replacement depot was very crowded. I was able to watch and photograph from trackside considerable switching activity, including adding cars to a departing passenger train, without attracting the least attention. Here is one of the Russian-built locomotives, no. 81001, I believe type TEM2, of which I saw several on our trip, in the red and yellow scheme which seems to be for freight power. These things sound a lot like Alcos. The passenger power largely seemed to have an attractive scheme of dark and light blue. Passenger rolling stock ranged from stainless cars built by Budd, to very run-down standard steel coaches, to newer center-entrance cars looking much like box cars, and apparently built new that way. Note over the door the initials FC, not visible on many cars or locomotives. The Chinese company, formerly called China North Locomotive and Rolling Stock Industry (CNR) sold a fair number of locomotives to Cuba, and if I correctly understood the halting English of a trainman standing alongside one of them at Camaguey, they are hard to keep running. In a couple of places there were switchers in a pleasant orange and gray scheme, like no. 38063 here, but I have not been able to find out where they were built. It was picking up this head-end car. But enough about rolling stock I didn’t understand very well
Astrometric Solution catalogue (aka TGAS) which provides very high-accuracy velocity data for potential lens stars, and cross matched it with all of the stars in the Gaia Data Release 1 (DR1) source catalog to find any microlensing events that would happen within Gaia’s remaining lifetime. After combing through over 13,000 candidate lens stars, the authors were able to find one promising microlensing event for Gaia to detect! It turns out that we’re in for a treat on November 11th, 2019: LAWD 37, one of the closest known WDs to the Sun at only 4.6 parsecs away, will pass within a fraction of an arcsecond of a background star (with the somewhat less catchy name: Gaia Source 5332606346467258496), as shown in figure 3. If only our eyes were sensitive enough, the night sky would be ablaze with nearby astronomical structures. The Andromeda Galaxy would stretch across the sky about six times the angular width of the full Moon. The Magellanic Clouds would be fireballs tens of Moons across. The reddened molecular filaments of the nearby star-forming region Taurus-Auriga, glittering with young stars, would stretch over an area about 30 Moons across. Various studies throughout the years have established the fact that the gas giants significantly influenced the formation and evolution of our solar system. Jupiter in particular is thought to have played a considerable role in shaping the formation of the inner solar system. Astronomers believe that during the formation of the solar system, Jupiter blocked material from flowing into the inner disk, altered the velocity distribution of this material, and disrupted planet formation within several AU of the sun, leaving our solar system with no planets out to 0.39 AU. Because the gas giants played such an integral role in the formation of our own solar system, scientists are now interested in whether similar processes occur in exoplanetary systems. During a recent visit to the Dutch National Maritime Museum I came across the world map from 1648 AD by cartographer Joan Blaeu. In addition to being the first world map of the Earth that adhered to the Copernican worldview, Blaeu’s map is an extremely detailed document of the knowledge of the world at the time sourced solely from the information gathered by explorers from their travels through ages to the far reaches of the world. It’s inaccuracies and subjectivity to the western view of the world are quite amusing, but there is still a level of high detail and surprising accuracy. Through these details, it is clear that cartographers must meticulously piece together information from a large number of sources of varying reliability. Creating maps of exoplanets, also beginning to be known as Exocartography, is an equally challenging observational and mathematical problem which is addressed by today’s paper. Creating maps of exoplanets can give an idea of the presence of climatic features in the planetary atmosphere or surface which when compared to predictions from general circulations models can give us an insight into physical processes in play in their atmospheres. Observations in this context comprise of continuous monitoring of the brightness of a planetary system as different regions of the planet come into view. A schematic of these occultations is shown in Figure 1. Disk integrated flux (total flux from the planet’s surface which is visible as a circular disk) of the planet observed as a function of time in this way can then be converted to flux (more easily so for a tidally locked planet) as a function of spatial locations on the planet (which are coming into view as a function of time) to render a 2D brightness map of the planet for the chosen wavelength band. Since the first direct detection of gravitational waves in 2015, there’s been a large focus on the gravitational waves produced by binary systems due to their loudness and characteristic signature. Most of this attention has focused on binary systems composed of compact objects like black holes, neutron stars and white dwarfs as these are naturally the loudest events, the only binaries we know to exist in the frequency bands of ground-based interferometers…and compact objects are really cool. However, the coming space-based interferometer LISA will open up an entirely new frequency band for gravitational wave detection, and with it new progenitor systems to probe. Previous Astrobites have focused on some of these systems, such as supermassive black hole binaries, neutron star-white dwarf binaries, and even galactic binaries like AM Canum Venaticorum-type systems. However all these systems are still composed of compact and stellar, or larger, sized objects. Today’s paper takes a close look at a very different kind of binary system, an ultra-short period exoplanet, and shows that some of them should produce detectable gravitational wave signatures. Thousands of exoplanets have been discovered to date, the vast majority within the past twenty years. In comparison with more massive and compact systems composed of black holes and neutron stars, the intrinsic gravitational wave luminosity of exoplanet systems is quite weak, but for select systems that are close to Earth their proximity can make up for the relatively weak signal and can be loud enough to be detected above the gravitational wave background. In order for such exoplanet systems to be detectable in the frequency range of space-based interferometers they must have extremely short periods of order an hour or less, and to be loud enough the planet has to be quite large. Seeing Red (and Blue): Two Sub-Populations of Type Ia Supernovae? Type Ia supernovae are useful because we can use them as standardizable candles—objects whose inherent luminosity we can figure out based on various properties such as how long it takes for them to fade after brightening. Once we know their luminosity (how much light they actually emit) we can calculate their distance based on measuring their brightness (how much light we measure from them here on Earth) and applying the inverse-square law. Actually figuring out their luminosity requires some care, however. We think that Type Ia supernovae can happen in at least two different ways (see this bite from 2012 for an explanation), and astronomers using them for distance measurements need to make various empirical corrections in order to do so. In the last 2000 years, only 8 supernovae have occurred within our galaxy that were bright enough to be recorded by humans. Among these is SN 1572, which was seen in the year 1572. It was observed around the world, but is perhaps most famously associated with the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe, who wrote a small book about it titled De Nova Stella. As an aside, the title of that book is where the modern-day terms ‘nova’ and hence ‘supernova’ come from. The appearance of a new star in the sky helped to challenge the old Aristotelian understanding that the heavens were unchanging. Even today, there is a lot that we can learn from this supernova. At the site where SN 1572 occurred, we see today a supernova remnant — a cloud of gas that was thrown off by the supernova (see Figure 1). In fact, the gas shell is still visibly expanding, as you can see in this video. By studying light emitted by the supernova and reflected from surrounding material, researchers in 2008 were able to tell that SN 1572 was a type Ia supernova. Supernovae of this type are used to measure the distances to far-away galaxies, because of their unique feature that each explosion has almost the same luminosity. We know that Type Ia supernovae are caused by exploding white dwarfs, but we don’t fully understand what triggers the explosion. There are two important models: either the white dwarf collides with another white dwarf, or it grows in mass by pulling in material from a companion star. In the second of those two models, the companion star should survive the explosion and be flung away at a relatively high speed. Apart from having a high velocity, it would look just like a normal star near the supernova remnant. Therefore, by looking for a star near the supernova remnant that might be a surviving companion, researchers can hope to tell which of the two models triggered the explosion in SN 1572. If you’ve ever seen Star Wars (the original saga), you probably remember that scene in A New Hope with the two suns. You know, Luke Skywalker is whining about being stuck on his home planet Tatooine and stomps off into the binary sunset. Two suns hover over the horizon in a way that we Earthlings never witness in our single star system. Well, this scene in the science fiction masterpiece is not so far off from reality. Planets have been found to exist around binary star systems. Whether or not there are droids and Jedi on those planets is a different story. Today’s paper examines the phenomenon of extended main sequence turn-off (eMSTO) in a galactic open cluster – NGC 2818A. To do this, the authors make use of Gaia DR2, the data gift that keeps on giving, along with archival VLT/FLAMES spectroscopy. Our first detection of gravitational waves with LIGO changed everything for astronomy. For the first time, we are able to not just look out into the Universe, but “listen” to it as well. So far, we’ve heard the collisions of the remnants of massive stars: black holes and neutron stars. The resulting data has had massive implications in fields from general relativity to nucleosynthesis. Today’s paper proposes a new use for detections of binary black hole (BBH) mergers. Vitale & Farr (2018) make the argument that if we
reach for the stars, too. How the hell was that ever going to happen with my vocabulary, regardless of my dreams? My dad was widowed in a freak accident with a chocolate cake when I, his only daughter, had just turned one. So, I was raised by my grandma. Grammy looked like everyone else’s grandma except for the shock of red hair that changed shades on a monthly basis. She colored it to match her mood. If violet-red was the color of the choice, we knew it would be a gentler time and her words not so sharp. But if crimsons and oranges raged through Grammy’s locks and gold streaked to the tips of her split ends, we knew we were in for a bumpy ride with her lamentations. It was storied to be a month of flame reds glowering from Grammy’s hairdo when the cake incident happened. It was my dad’s birthday and Mom was hiding the cake on top of the fridge when she slammed the freezer side-door. It actually wasn’t the cake that killed her, though. The cake slid off and planted itself on the floor upside down. Mom stood stunned for several seconds. She had labored long and hard to get that cake done. She wanted it to be just like the cake Dad remembered from his childhood. But she wasn’t a baker. She struggled for days to make the special cake using the beloved recipe. Grammy refused to share the recipe with Mom until the first grandchild was one year of age. Grammy felt that one year of life would cement the fact that the new generation was there to carry on. Grammy lectured Mom time and time again about how the cake recipe had been in the family for “generations upon generations.” Grammy insisted it was the same recipe used by our humble relatives and served to Marie Antoinette. Secretly mom wished she could someday visit the scullery in the Palace of Versailles to be inspired by the kitchens that produced this family heirloom. What Mom didn’t realize was that while she appreciated that Grammy could swear like a sailor, the benefactor of the honored recipe could lie like a rug, too. Despite the tension caused from the ownership of the recipe, Mom and Grammy supposedly got along famously. One of the amusements they had in common was appreciating pulling off a real good practical joke. They were Mom’s specialty and Grammy embraced the challenge of not letting her succeed. It took mom two attempts at baking the cake with the so-called original recipe, before she connected Grammy’s regular visit each afternoon and the smirk plastered across Grammy’s face with the botched cakes coming out of the oven. The first time Mom tried baking the chocolate cake, it turned out more like pudding. Grammy simply grinned and offered to tweak to the recipe. Later that evening as Grammy was leaving for bingo, her purse felt a bit heavy. Opening the clasp, Grammy witnessed her lipstick tube, a piece of Wrigley’s Spearmint gum and her grocery list submerged in brown, sticky goo. Mom’s second cake attempt was so dry and hard that she simply threw it away. Mom stormed out of the kitchen refusing to acknowledge Grammy’s Cheshire grin wrapping around her face. Grammy dug the cake out of the garbage can, wrapped it in tin foil, and used it as a doorstop until the day she died. Again Grammy offered to adjust the recipe. But mom decided to take the bull by the horns and complete the cake without Grammy’s assistance. Mom finally succeeded in her quest by contacting the Women’s Social Group. The church ladies descended like chickens to their feed. They had a mission. They quickly and, rather proudly, deciphered Grammy’s scratchings, re-adjusted the hallowed recipe for the high altitude of Leadville, the Two Mile High City of the West, and produced a most perfect cake. That was all Mom needed to hear. She began to chase Grammy round and round the tiny kitchen. Each time they passed the cake, they got closer and closer. Just as Grammy skirted by the ragged edge of the broken cake plate, she took a sudden turn out the backdoor. The neighbors still reminisce about the foot race. Grammy running down the street giving her best dissertation while my mother followed close behind waving her arms gloriously in the air and adding to the din. Although Mom couldn’t begin to touch Grammy’s dubious parlance, she had been in training with Grammy before she married Dad. Apparently, the Iowa town where Dad was mayor could ignore Grammy’s outbursts. But adding Mom into the discourse would not be tolerated. So after the wedding, Dad found a new town high up in the Rocky Mountains and a job running the local bookstore. He said he chose Leadville so Grammy’s words had less traveling time to reach the atmosphere before being sucked forever into outer space. Anyway, Grammy just kept running with Mom matching her pace in stride, as well as words. By the time Grammy and Mom reached the town’s edge, there was hardly room on the sidewalks for sightseers and the cheering almost overrode the battle cries of my matriarchs. Once Grammy and Mom faded into the distance up the mountainside, everyone had placed their bets on the champion of their choice. The bets would be settled once the victor descended back down the mountainside. Grammy and Mom continued running along the hiking trail turning the crisp air blue with their words. As Grammy came to the boarded-up mine entrance she took a turn away from their normally agreed upon stopping place. It was here under the pines they would usually end their charades. Their deceptions were always planned in advance. On the agreed upon day, Grammy would take her regular morning stroll to the mine entrance with a not so regular purpose. With the promise of a late afternoon swig, Grammy would hide the Shanahan’s bottle with a couple of glasses, one for each of them. Both enjoyed whiskey and a local distiller was their favorite. It wasn’t until Grammy died a few years ago that Mr. Shanahan himself came by the house with Grammy’s inveterate tab, smiled at dad, and tore it up. Mr. Shanahan assured Dad that he delighted in his bi-monthly shot, chat, and cigar with Grammy and that he would never accept a cent from dad to pay Grammy’s bill. But the day of the chocolate cake incident, Grammy didn’t stop for their appointed toast at the predestined spot. Mom followed Grammy through the pine forest, this time without a path. Grammy kept stringing her words together, then stopped. Mom’s retorts had ended a second before. It was silent, no padding of feet. Nothing but the wind scratching the tips of the pines. Grammy turned. Mom was gone. Grammy traced her steps backward. She knew this area like the back of her hand. Grammy had taken the right side of the large pine, while Mom ran around the left. But on the left was an old mine shaft that had probably been recently uncovered by curious tourists, leaving a hole descending into darkness miles deep into the mountain. Grammy didn’t linger. She high-tailed it back to town, cursing all the way. As Grammy descended, the townspeople began to settle their bets. That day, however, they sensed a different tone upon hearing Grammy’s usual anathema. They searched for days for my mom. They sent down expert rescuers and Grammy understood the importance of rooting for them at the edge of the shaft the whole time. They never found her. Not a trace. It was as if she disappeared off the face of the earth. There is a river that runs deep beneath the surface of the Leadville mountain and it was determined that Mom must have been swept away. I set the bullhorn down. I knew there wouldn’t be another talk by the superiors of our town’s summer camp warning me that I had one more chance if I could just control my language. Earlier conversations had strongly suggested that if I wanted to rise to Camp Counselor of the five-year-olds and, one day, to Camp Director, I would have to learn some self-control. It just wasn’t going to happen. I wanted to make my Dad as proud of me as I am of him. But I had spent the first eighteen years of my life under the tutelage of my Grammy. I turned from the wide-eyed stares and dropped jaws of the Bunny Hoppers and headed towards the bus stop. I didn’t need my stuff. I was on a new mission. Walking down the gravel path I reached into the pocket of my shorts. I pulled out the tattered, yellowing piece of paper titled “Chocolate Cake” that was left to me in Grammy’s will. I read the final line of the recipe one more time. Across the bottom in bright red felt tip pen Grammy had scratched: Your mom always wanted to live in Paris. Well, I guess it was time for a blanking trip to Paris. This piece was one of several written during my time with the Denver Writing Project. It is a piece of silliness. I wanted it to be much darker and funnier. I don’t know how to do that. Yet. I will learn. But for now, I hope you enjoyed this little bit of fiction and had a little chuckle. Langston Hughes is one of my favorite poets. He can sing the blues without using a single note. His words sway across the page like the music itself. Today’s poem escorts the melancholy of the blues onto the page. When I read this poem, I feel like I am sitting at a table in the bar listening to this man’s lament. I feel the beat and smell the smoke. There are little or no words spoken between those left at the tables. It’s too late for that. The night is slipping into the early morning and regrets fill the air. I wonder, did the music give definition to the word – blue? How could a color so calm as the morning sky or vibrant as the rolling sea give birth to such heartbreak? The deep navy that streaks across
those lands closer to the coast. The Italians had to march inland over the gentle slopes of red soils that reach to the Atlantic Ocean, onto the high plateaus and through the hills to found towns with names like Garibaldi and Nova Bassano. They settled into valleys named after homes left behind, like the Vale Trentino. Brazil’s biggest representatives in the international market are sparkling wines of high quality and exceptional acidity and freshness. Produced through the Traditional or Charmat methods, they both tend to use mainly Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. A typical meal of the Serra Gaúcha region still begins with Agnolotti en Brodo and generally includes polenta and some sort of roasted chicken or pig dish. Older people continue to speak Italian in the region. This vestigial Italian continues to be widespread, particularly once you get out of the city and into the valleys that surround Bento Gonçalves, and it shapes the wines as much as it shapes the language. So, what do Brazilian wines taste like? Most people would say they are young, easy drinking, table wines. Brazilian Muscats are most internationally recognizable. Light bodied and flavorful, these can be enjoyed outdoors while the men grill meat for hours and the rest of the families prepare plates of salads, fried yucca, rice and beans. Among the red varieties, Merlot has been recognized by some experts as the one with the highest potential to represent Brazil in the international market. Named by the Wine Enthusiast magazine as one of the 10 best wine tourism destinations in the world, the Vale dos Vinhedos is filled with beautiful landscapes, great wine, plenty of great restaurants and places to simply relax. With around 200 thousand tourists each year, it has become a famous destination in Brazil. A city that specializes in the production of sparkling wines and features a sparkling wine tour route. Around 90 thousand yearly visitors come and check the local attractions. Besides the impressive landscapes, with native woods, waterfalls, and of course vineyards, the highlight of this Pinto Bandeira is their sparkling wines. Small and intimate, this is a region where the local wineries continue to offer charming gastronomic and lodging options. Another young region where the landscape is dotted with cutting-edge wineries, celebrating modern architecture beautifully integrated with the vineyards. An advanced culinary school in the region has helped the cities of Flores da Cunha and Nova Pádua to become the twin gourmet centers of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Centered between the cities of Gramado and Canela, this is a region made famous by their well-preserved colonial architecture. While the region has preserved the look of the past, the local hotels and restaurants are very much up to date with a year-round promotional schedule that has been attracting tourist for years. Located at the base of Lookout Mountain near downtown Chattanooga, TN, the Elements Treehouse stands out for its state-of-the-art bathroom constructed of natural elements inspired by Dove’s Elements product range and sweeping forest views. The treehouse is the second house for rent at a treehouse resort – Treetop Hideaways in Flintstone, GA. Founded by local entrepreneurs Andrew Alms and Enoch Elwell, Treetop Hideaways came about as an idea to allow childhood memories to flourish and for families to experience sustainable living close to the city. The Dove Men+Care Elements Treehouse is designed by architect Pete Nelson, a world-renowned treehouse architect, host of Treehouse Masters and owner of Nelson Treehouse and Supply company. It features modern architectural designs surrounded by nature, utilizing the most efficient and sustainable systems. In the morning, sip on local MayFly coffee while lounging on the private deck. Feel the cool morning mist, listen to the sounds of birds chirping and the flowing stream on property. Interior designed by Will Taylor, founder of Bright Bazaar is done in nature-inspired style, with sage bedding, charcoal-etched wall art, and sandalwood accents. Green, white and grey Earth tones create a rustic yet contemporary ambiance. Connect to Alexa to play your favorite music as you nap in the Tuft & Needle queen mattress downstairs or climb to the loft where you can see the tree canopy through the skylights from the comfort of two beds. The focal point of the treehouse is the spa inspired Elements bathroom with charcoal wood paneling, clay sink, heated flooring, temperature controlled 5-head shower, linen robes, Dove Men+Care Elements toiletries, and a glass enclosed tree in the bathroom with skylight and see-through flooring. Here you can feel like you are showering in the forest, yet have your preferred water heat set on the digital keypad. Grab a cold beer from the refrigerator and get some steaks or hot dogs started on the outdoor grill. The outdoor fireplace is perfect for roasting marshmallows under the stars and reminiscing about good old campfires. Chattanooga is quickly becoming a top travel destination voted ‘Best Town in America’ by the readers of Outside magazine. Surrounded by acers of forest, Treetop Hideways is located within minutes of world-class climbing, mountain biking, trail running, caving, and more. Nearby attractions include Ruby Falls, Rock City Gardens, Tennessee Aquarium, Cloudland Canyon State Park and North Chickamauga Gorge. The Dove Men+Care Elements Treehouse is the perfect family friendly retreat to spend summer holidays in nature and comfort. Hotel restaurants typically don’t have a good perception when it comes to offering superior quality food or unique cuisines. But the W Atlanta – Midtown is an exception. Inspired by its Georgia location, TRACE restaurant incorporates southern cuisine in the menu, using seasonal locally sourced ingredients. The Midtown Atlanta hotel can be described as urban chic at best. Glamorously dressed people can be found getting out of their uber expensive cars into the illuminated car port. The lobby feels like a trendy lounge with live DJ, as patrons cheer their martini glasses. The interior of TRACE is contemporary, yet comfy. Tall glass windows line one of the walls of the room, while the exposed ceiling creates a feeling of a warehouse. Then there are colored pots and pans covering an entire wall, dark wood floors, and giant blue gray screens hanging from the ceiling. I feel like I’m in a 21st century barn! Cocktails are the main attraction at TRACE. In addition to regional brews and global wines, hand crafts cocktails with unique names are rotated off the menu often. My favorite was Anger Management (perfect after a tough week right?) with mango vodka, agave, pineapple and orange juice. The powdered habanero around the rim of the glass is sure to give you a burn with each sip. Gotta Wear Shades (I told you the names are creative) was also quite refreshing for a bourbon drink. It had fresh blackberry/ blueberry juice, peach bitters and Ridgemont Reserve 1792. The menu is sectioned into shared plates, salads, entrees and sides. Southern favorites such as fried gulf oysters, deviled eggs, and thrice cooked wings are nostalgic starters. The oysters are fresh are corn flour battered, served with spicy rep pepper jelly aioli. The mushroom and goat cheese toast is hearty and delicious. Grilled salmon is seared crisp on the outside and tender in the center. It feels more of a personal entree than an app plate though. Everything comes with generous portions of healthy greens sourced from GA farms. The crab and avocado salad was my favorite. Again, a good portion of greens is topped with fresh steamed jumbo lump crab meat is perfect for seafood lovers, and the grilled avocado adds a surprise element to each bite. Gulf catch of the day, grouper in this case, was chewy, though well seasoned with with black pepper, and sat on some very spicy cooked kale. Another twist I enjoyed was the pimiento mac and cheese. Though the pimento made the dish a bit runny, the toasted bread crumbs added a crisp nice texture. For dessert, I tried the chocolate mousse cake, a rather rich flourless version with dark creamy mousse. The raspberry and chocolate sauces were a bit runny for my taste, but good enough to lick the plate clean! The coast, the mountains, and the home: that is the landscape of authentic Puerto Rican cuisine painted by Atlanta-based renowned Chef, Hector Santiago. Known for his stint on Top Chef, Santiago has made a name for himself through his restaurants Pura Vida, and his most recent foray in the Atlanta food scene, El Super Pan. INSPIRED BY THE WORLD – El Super Pan boasts traditional dishes from all around the Spanish Caribbean (Puerto Rico, Cuba, and the Dominican Republic), some of which have very non-traditional fusion elements from other international cuisines, particularly flavors from East Asia. One would never see pork belly buns, fish sauce, or anchovies in Puerto Rican cuisine, but Santiago is a firm believer in the expansion of what we know about food. He is inspired to create by the fresh ingredients grown in whatever environment he happens to be cooking in. Santiago, along with other Atlanta-based Puerto Rican Chefs, Julio Delgado and Andre Gomez, will be planning a menu for Go Eat Give Destination Puerto Rico that provides a true glimpse into the everyday food in Puerto Rico; a real slice of life. But don’t get me wrong, there is nothing “run-of-the-mill” about everyday Puerto Rican food. It is full of layers of spices, textures, and strong flavors, because food and eating is such a big part of Puerto Rican culture. Santiago said that when he was a kid in Puerto Rico, cooking at a young age was extremely common, and all of his friends used to come to his house to cook together, laugh, play, and eat. YEAR-ROUND FOOD FESTIVALS – Santiago explained that there is an immense festival culture in Puerto Rico. There is always something going on and with that, comes the food. He joked, “If
what we believe happens is that bad habits and the environment of too many calories, too much food, not enough exercise, causes a physical change in signaling pathways, and that’s what makes it so hard for people to lose weight. They have these physical changes whereby the neurons become less sensitive to hormonal signals. And so, when you look at how you can approach this, in the past we’ve used reducing calorie intake and increasing energy expenditure, but that hasn’t been completely successful. If it were, I would not have this job. I love telling people that. If all those diet books worked, we would not have the Comprehensive Weight Control Center at Weill Cornell. And so something more is going on, and that something is a shift in the set point. How do we manage it? Well, in addition to reducing calorie intake and in addition to increasing physical activity, we have more sophisticated strategies. Surgery has proven its health benefit, but we have on one side diet and physical activity and then do nothing until we do bariatric surgery, and I believe that we are coming to an era where using rationally designed medical therapies and some old therapies that are now being used in a more medically rational way are going to become increasingly common. When you look at it and you look at your approach to dealing with this, what advice do you have for doctors? We’re dealing with patients all the time. In many cases we ourselves are fighting issues with weight. What do you suggest? Well, one of the things we find commonly is that medicine that we as physicians prescribe can cause weight gain. And I can’t tell you how many cases we see. We’ve estimated that about 15% of serious problems with obesity are related to drugs that we prescribe. So, for example, today we were meeting with colleagues from Memorial Sloan Kettering, across the street from us, and they have and it’s been recognized that in the treatment of breast cancer, weight gain is very common because of the use of aromatase inhibitors as well as some of the antinausea medicines, steroids, strong antihistamines like diphenhydramine. So, what happens in the treatment of breast cancer is women gain weight, but the evidence is that a 5 to 10% weight gain increases the risk of recurrence, and so we’re seeing many physicians in very specific areas looking for strategies to manage weight. And so the first thing we always look for when we manage someone are medicines that could be causing weight gain and which we could change to something else that would encourage weight loss, and that’s a topic, perhaps, for another day. The second thing we do is look for problems like sleep apnea, which make it hard for patients to comply. Sleep apnea is a common comorbid condition. Patients have difficulty focusing when they develop it, and often they look depressed and wind up getting treated with antidepressants that can cause further weight gain. And then, of course, we look for the typical behavioral issues as far as eating, stress, lifestyle, and how we can change those. So, we take a very problem-solving approach where we look for the issues, some of which are very concrete and some not, and try to help the patient to solve those problems. Now, if that works that’s great, we’re thrilled, but if it doesn’t we don’t give up. We go to the next step, and we believe that the use of pharmacotherapy would be the next step in this process. You know, it’s funny how it’s evolved. I remember how people used to say, “Well, just some people are overweight, and you gotta cut down the calories.” We’ve really learned, well, sure, diet plays a very important, maybe the most important part, but there are so many other things we can do, and I think a lot of us as physicians are kind of late to the party because we keep saying, “Watch your diet, cut the calories,” but that may not always be the answer, and I think you’re alluding to that. I am, but when it comes to those kinds of recommendations, “push away from the table” and things like that, there are very concrete recommendations that we make for patients. So, one of the things that has been recognized over the past few years is that no diet works for everybody, so we have a number of different approaches that we utilize. For most of our patients, but certainly not all, a lower carbohydrate or a low glycemic diet seems to be quite effective. It allows people to reduce their calorie intake by changing the macronutrient composition of their diet. Other people, on the other hand, like to count calories, so they can eat virtually anything, but they count the exact number of calories. Two new techniques are intermittent fasting. One technique is where someone cuts their calorie intake to 800 calories or even less 2 days per week. That’s been shown to be as effective as dieting every single day. And then time-restricted fasting where you eat for a period of 8 hours a day or 12 hours a day and then don’t eat for the other 16 to 12 hours, that, too, has been shown to be effective. So, we don’t just give vague advice. We give very specific advice which we… We kind of negotiate with the patient to see what they can do in their lifestyle. You know, “Can you do it?” That’s the kind of discussion we have with patients where we ask them what can they do. If they’re on board, then we’ll try something. I’m Dr. Brian McDonough. You’re listening to Primary Care Today on ReachMD. My guest is Dr. Louis Aronne. We’re talking about weight loss, and I really like the fact that you’re bringing the patient into the conversation, because you’re right, I think a lot of us more or less say, “Okay, this is what you need to do. Read this. Follow this diet,” whatever. You’re making them a partner. And, I mean, I’ve been practicing so many years, I’m realizing the more I make patients a partner the better shot I have. I agree completely, especially when it comes to these behavioral changes. It’s easy for me to tell someone, “Don’t eat any carbs and you’re gonna lose weight.” That will happen every time. But, can someone actually do that on a regular basis? Now, you’ll find 1 person who can do it and they wind up in an article in the newspaper that they lost 100 pounds doing this, but I promise you that 99 other people do the exact same thing and it doesn’t work, so it really has to be customized to the patient and their needs and what they can do within their life. I teach young residents. As I say, I don’t know if this is good or bad, but as I move through life, I tend to, when I talk to patients, say, “Well, I tried this and it didn’t work,” or, “I tried that and it didn’t work.” What about that approach? Do you find yourself sometimes saying, “Look, this is what most people do,” and do you ever use yourself as the so-called foil to try to help them along? Sometimes we do that. Generally, we’ll give them examples of patients who’ve succeeded and we tried this and this worked in this patient or that patient, so teaching by example can work, but when it comes to something like weight, it’s so individualized. I mean, when you look at a lot of the diet books that are written by celebrities, it’s basically, “I lost weight, and everyone in the world should lose weight doing the exact same thing.” It doesn’t work that way, so we don’t tell people, “I lost weight doing this. You should do it.” But we will give them examples as we move forward. In certain situations, if someone has prediabetes or they have early type 2, it’s pretty clear what we need to do in a situation like that. We try to reduce their carb intake, we give them metformin, those kinds of things, but in more sophisticated situations, we will use examples. It’s so funny, because having worked in television, I remember one time I went on this diet to show you can lose weight, but they also paid for the trainer, they paid for the workouts, they paid for things that most people are not going to have access to, and they’re certainly not going to get the top people helping them, and that was one of the points of the story, which I remember it frustrated people. I said, “Well, I was given this, this and this, but what do we do without it?” and that really became the most important part of the story. What does the average person do? And I think a lot of things you’re talking about fall into that category of what is realistic and what can you individually do. You mentioned metformin and you mentioned prediabetes, and a lot of what at least I’m reading and learning about is initiating medical treatment a little earlier than we did in the past. What about that? —but much lower doses than have been previously prescribed are effective, and we use the equivalent of a quarter of a phentermine tablet to start in most of our patients. We published a phase 2 trial a number of years ago showing that a quarter of a phentermine, half of a phentermine, you’re starting to hit the plateau of weight loss. So, when it comes to the side effect profile that we associate with weight loss medicines, one of the reasons that we’ve been seeing it is lack of understanding of the mechanisms of weight regulations, so we have been overdosing people by trying to get more weight loss by using too much medicine, by just pushing the dose. What our research has shown and the
rotating spit that resembles an evergreen tree. March: One of the most anticipated annual events in Lithuania, the Vilnius International Film Festival brings more than 250 films, and thousands of spectators, to celebrate independent cinema. March 25: For Stork Day, children receive gifts allegedly delivered by the elegant bird, including chocolates, fruits, and dyed eggs, all hung on tree branches. April: The Kaunas Jazz Festival takes over the town of Kaunas annually, inviting such industry giants as John Abercrombie and John Scofield—and players from more than 20 countries—to open air stages. April 1: Užupis Independence Day is celebrated by the Independent Republic of Užupis, a small neighborhood in Vilnius. A largely bohemian artist community, the day is celebrated with film showings, art exhibits, and performances. May 19: Street Music Day brings more than 5,000 musicians to nearly all cities and towns in Lithuania, turning their streets into lively parties of sound. The Kaziukas Festival celebrates Saint Casimir Jagiellon (“Kaziukas” being a Lithuanian version of the saint’s name), who was son to famed Polish King Casimir IV. An arts and crafts fair, this event—held on the Sunday closest to March 4—turns Vilnius into a major destination for finding handmade clothing, toys, jewelry, and other goods. Lithuania’s summer, while short, is generally hot and humid. July is the rainiest month of the year, so thunderstorms should be expected. Many Lithuanians and tourists will take to breezy Baltic Sea beaches. They will be crowded, but at dusk, the sky lights up in brilliant orange and purple hues, as if out of a painting. With longer days and shorter nights, this is a great time to absorb Lithuania’s natural splendor. As in spring, much of the countryside is blooming with flowers, and covered in lush forests. Also, the country comes alive, as summer is packed with holidays and festivals, such as the Feast of Saint John, the GAIDA Music Festival in Vilnius, and more. June 1: The Klaipeda Castle Jazz Festival brings mainstream and independent jazz musicians to a stage near the ruined Klaipeda Castle. The festival usually ends with an all-night jam session with the performers. June 7-10: ARTVILNIUS is a contemporary fine arts fair, featuring modern painting, sculpture, mixed-media, and more. June 16: Culture Night celebrates the works of Vilnius’ artist community. Walk the streets and stroll open galleries viewing the fruits of their work. June 24: Midsummer Day, also known as the Feast of Saint John, is a Christian holiday infused with traditions from pagan beliefs. Celebrated by singing songs, jumping over bonfires, and floating flower wreaths down the river, this a great day to discover Lithuanian folk traditions. July 6: Statehood Day is a public holiday celebrating the coronation of King Mindaugas in 1253, who was the only native monarch of Lithuania. July and August: The Christopher Festival is one of the largest music festivals in the Baltics, featuring over 40 performances in Vilnius and the surrounding area. Performers include artists from virtually any music genre. Early August: Held near Zarasas Lake in northeastern Lithuania, the Rock Nights Festival attracts musical acts from Europe and beyond to an outdoor venue. For two days the once-tranquil area turns into a continuous concert full of young people enjoying rock and heavy metal music. Usually held in the beginning of August, the Klaipeda Sea Festival brings thousands of people to the small seaside town of Klaipeda. A carnival, street concerts, and vendors offering local food and crafts—as well as bars and restaurants that stay open late—turn the town into an outdoor party. As temperatures quickly decline in September, blazing orange, golden brown, and fiery red ignite the countryside in brilliant fall colors. Yet, snow often begins falling in October, so it’s important to get outside as much as you can before the quickly-advancing cold. It’s also a great time to watch white storks as they migrate south for the winter. They fill the sky with chaotic flying patterns, creating a dizzying display of nature’s grandeur. Fewer tourists mean your travel dollar will be more valuable this time of year. Vilnius especially is beautiful, as the medieval charm of the old town—mixed with fall colors—creates a rustic scene worthy of a stroll or two. Mid-October to November: The GAIDA Music Festival makes Vilnius host to leading acts in contemporary classical and avant-garde music, and is arguably one of the largest celebrations in Europe for the art form. November 15: The Mama Jazz Festival in Vilnius is one of the premiere festivals for the genre in Europe. Major performers such as pianist Chick Corea and guitarist John McLaughlin—among many others—make this gathering a world-class event for jazz lovers. In mid-October, the Festival of Lights turns the Neris River in Vilnius into a pathway of luminescence. Street vendors and performers fill the streets, but the true spectacle is in the artistic light displays covering the foliage, glowing sculptures, and hidden installations in the surrounding forest. For centuries, Vilnius has been a truly diverse city, with Catholics, Jews, Protestants, Greek Orthodox, Lutherans, Calvinists, and Muslims all sharing the city before World War I. To stroll its cobblestone lanes is to witness both the pride and pain of its many cultures. Pride fills the traditional artists’ workshops and the family-owned restaurants that line the streets. Painful reminders of the past are found in historic KGB torture cells and the ghettos where Nazis forced the Jews to assemble. Happily, visitors today find a thriving city small enough to boast a village feel, and the chance to walk the lanes of Old Town, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, or ascend the TV Tower, with its rotating observation deck. One of the city’s crown jewels is Vilnius University, founded in 1579. Home of the nation’s first printing press and its oldest library (housing millions of books), the university draws students from around the globe to join a student body now numbering 21,000. In Northern Lithuania, a powerful testament to the endurance of Catholicism has covered a country hillside for nearly 200 years. Locals began erecting crosses here after the 1831 uprising that deposed the Russian tsar. The upright crosses were soon joined by small crucifixes and rosaries, often strung like garlands on the larger models. Some are plain, some lettered with the names of lost loved ones, and others decorated in folk-art style. In the 20th century, the Soviets put up barbed wire to keep locals out. That failed, so they added soldiers—which failed too. Even periodically bulldozing the crosses didn’t help, as locals would immediately replace the icons. Today, an estimated 200,000 crosses cover the hillside, in a tangle that seems to grow out of the earth like shrubbery, and when the wind blows, it makes an eerie tinkling wood-and-metal music. The crown jewel of Lake Galvė is an island topped with a red-turreted Gothic Castle straight out of a fairy tale. Trakai Island Castle was started in the 14th century and finished in the 15th, originally to guard against incursions by German knights, but it eventually settled into a more regal role as the residence of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania. It was known for its early version of forced-air heating, its secret passages, and an interior that was lush with murals, stained glass, and wood carvings. Over the course of its history, it kept changing personality, at one point used as a (very elegant) prison and then even abandoned for a time. Fortunately, the local population of Karaims, descendants of Turks who came here from Crimea in the 14th century to guard Trakai, have kept its history alive, and its splendor has been restored. Lithuanian concerts and festivals are held on the grounds and visitors comes from all over to see one of the nations’ most beloved buildings. The Genocide Museum is a sobering entryway into the darker side of Lithuania history. In rooms that served in turn as quarters for Tsars, Polish occupiers, the Gestapo, and the KBG, memorials detail the imprisonment, suffering, and death of Lithuanians swept up in the Soviet genocide and the Holocaust. The basement contains cells and an execution chamber where more than a thousand civilians were killed by the Soviets. Across several floors, the personal effects, stories, and photographs of victims bring the story close to home. There is also a collection of documents highlighting the efforts of the resistance movement known as the Forest Brothers. The museum’s holdings continue to grow as locals come forward with their own donations of relevant personal objects they want to preserve, a reminder that their story is still being told. A wooden church built here in the 15th-century burned down in the 16th and was rebuilt at the dawn of the 17th—only to burn down once more 20 years later. The third building was begun in 1668 and took eight years of constant labor to finish. Its funder, a military leader named Mykolas Kazimieras Pacas, thought of it as a monument to (and future mausoleum for) himself, more than as a grand religious edifice. But grand it is: With 2,000 stucco figures, 13 Baroque chapels, a crystal chandelier resembling a
the person we are married to, our job, career, money, family, status, etc. Our true self does not come from our outer-life. It comes from our inner-life. So when we move to a new place, leave a job, have a baby, see our grown kids leave the house, get married, or start in a new position, we often find ourselves thinking, “who am I?” This is normal and also an invitation into a deeper journey of finding yourself. Finding yourself is the process of discovering who you are and why you matter apart from outside achievements, relationships, and even in the face of great challenges or in life’s shifting environments. A person who is finding herself is learning to trust the the sound of her own voice, listen to her intuition, take action based on her convictions, face conflict and criticism with grace and power, and to visit that place of peace inside herself, despite what is happening around her. When you have a strong sense of self, you are able to adapt well to changes, to soothe yourself in times of sadness or discomfort, stay true to your convictions (even when there is outside pressure), avoid codependent or manipulative relationships, set boundaries with pushy people in your life, leave behind a constant need for approval, drop the guilt, receive criticism, act authentically, lead gracefully, and take responsibility for your life—no matter how it turns out. Yes, it is a huge task to “find ourselves” and one that is never fully finished. In fact, once we feel like we’ve “mastered it” life usually hands us more challenging and interesting situations to help us continue our path of growth. One hard truth about developing a strong sense of self is that so much of this important development takes place in childhood. If you have faced some kind of trauma in your childhood, or if your parents didn’t help you establish a strong sense of self—or if you came from a religious background where developing a strong sense of “self” was considered selfish—you might still have a lot of work to do when it comes to finding yourself. The good news is that it is never too late to begin your work. In fact, if you are feeling profoundly lost as you read this, you are in a beautiful place. Below I’m going to include a list of things that have been vital to my own journey of finding myself as I’ve been guided by great therapists, friends, advisors, mentors and my own intuition. Your journey will look different than mine, no doubt, but still, I hope this list helps. Know and own your story. Like anyone, there are parts of my story I haven’t wanted to own. Do you ever get that feeling when you think about how certain events have unfolded in your life? you think… truly. Honestly. Please God anything but this story. And yet, our stories are our stories. I am in process of writing my own brave new ending to my story. It is not easy. In fact, sometimes it feels downright awful. It means re-routing old beliefs, re-wiring brain patterns, letting go of ways of coping, learning to face the conflict and the joy and the pain of life unguarded, and it means I end up failing and losing my temper and crying in public more often than I would like to admit. I avoided seeing a therapist for years because I thought to myself, “oh, it’s not that bad. I’ve got this. Look at me. I have so many opportunities. I have a great family. What am I complaining about?” All the while, deep down I knew I needed some help to sift through the more complicated parts of my story. Do not try to walk this path alone. It’s too treacherous. If you aren’t comfortable finding a therapist, ask a few trusted friends or family members to walk with you. When you begin to re-write your story, parts of yourself you never knew existed (hint: less-than-pretty parts of yourself) will inevitably come up. When this happens, practice gratitude for the support around you and for the opportunity you have to heal and grow. Learn about yourself and how you are wired. I read all the time. I’m always trying to figure out more about myself, how I operate and why it matters. This has been a lifeline for me as I walk this journey of finding myself. Figuring out the driving motivations behind why you act the way you do not only helps you own your story, it also helps you interact and communicate in a positive way with others. Below, I am including a list of resources I have used that have really helped me to discover how I’m wired. This list is certainly not exhaustive but I hope it helps. We often “find ourselves” in the situations we most want to avoid. We find ourselves in unrest, conflict, discomfort, fear, illness, distress, loss, transition, change, disappointment, failure, even in bad relationships. So if we spend our lives trying to avoid these things, we may miss the very messages and lessons life has to offer us. These days I tell myself, over and over again, “everything that happens to me in life is an opportunity to learn” because I have learned the hard way—it is. What seems like the worst thing that could possibly happen to you might turn out to be the very best thing. Because sometime it takes losing ourselves to find ourselves. And when we resist these lessons, we resist the very beauty and joy life is trying to offer us. Think back for a moment to the young woman I mentioned in the beginning of this post who is trying to make a decision about whether she wants to marry her current boyfriend. Notice how much time she spent explaining what other people wanted from her, thought about her (and her boyfriend), or what they were expecting her to do. And trust me, I’ve been there. Here’s my advice for her: you already know your answer. It’s inside of you. That isn’t to say we don’t need the support and help of those around us. But it is to say we must be careful who we ask, because what we really need from those sources of support is not advice or direction. What we really need is someone to help us discover the answer we have always known all along. What we really need is to find ourselves. For additional reading, check out my list of recommended resources here. Excellent, very well stated and developed, thank you! I am grateful that you discussed the issue of the major misunderstanding by most people that “finding ourselves” is a one shot thing. I am convinced that at some level I will be “finding myself” right up to the millisecond before my death. However, that doesn’t mean I am a lost soul. It’s just that this is a lifelong journey and process. I was one person at 21 just before I married, another at 29 when I first became a father, another at 48 when the youngest headed off to college and we were empty nesters, etc, etc. The secondary and tertiary “me” was changing but the primary “me” changed much more slowly and profoundly. Keith—that is so true for all of us. Thanks for pointing that out. As long as we’re here on earth, we’re changing. Every new experience changes us, and we’re never finished with our work of “finding ourselves”. But those moments when we seem to reach a new understanding of ourselves sure is rewarding. I had so many thoughts running through my head as I read. First, “The Runaway Bride,” as Julia Roberts tries to figure herself out. Second, they think that some of depression is inflammation of the brain, I second their finding as I have reduced my body inflammation, I have a more positive outlook. As my son’s psoriasis flares (inflammation) so does his doom and gloom. Last and by far the hardest is when society says that introverts are bad and extroverts are good….that’s a tough thing to get over. Keep writing…you have amazing things to say! Thanks Ann! I hadn’t heard that depression and inflammation were connected, but it makes a ton of sense with my personal experience. I suffered from IBS issues for years (inflammation, Auto-immune, etc) and when my body was the most paralyzed, so was my spirit and mind. It’s amazing the connections between our mental, emotional and spiritual health with our physical health. Thanks for sharing that, and for reading. PS) Excited to hear about the healing you and your son are both experiencing—physically and emotionally! Bethany, that’s so great to hear. The insights you shared in your post are really insightful. Marriage has this special way of bringing all kinds of things to the surface for us, so we can deal with them. I hope my words are able to help you continue to find clarity and direction. Keep me posted on how things transpire for you. I’d love to hear what comes next! Allison your blog post was a beautiful response to an important question. I think the journey to self requires a certain softness and self forgiveness. There are pieces of ourselves that are hard to accept… attitudes and behaviors we would rather not admit to, or wish would go away. However those things are part of our whole package and the journey to self acceptance, to loving yourself, to believing in yourself, to finding that inner voice that knows exactly what is right for you… requires an acceptance of it all…. the good and the bad and an understanding that to be human is to be fallible… and every moment is a chance to begin again. I love the thought of adding softness and self-forgiveness to this whole process. That has always been a difficult posture for me. But you are so right: there are difficult parts of ourselves to accept, and we need lots of grace to do it—to be at peace with our whole selves, exactly where we are, no matter what. Thank you for reading and sharing your thoughts.
, create a plan for implementation, manage assets and resources, drive change, manage communications, monitor and evaluate data, and optimize auditing. Change management also involves IT management challenges connected to digitization while companies also need to create a customer-centric and omnichannel infrastructure that can quickly address disruptions, improve customer service, and automate training. Other challenges connected to change management process include compliance, asset and resource management, communication and project management, risk management, auditing and analysis, and governance. The biggest component in the process is a change in mentality and approach which are linked to the basic strategy dictated by management. But after identifying areas that can be susceptible to potential change and creating a plan for execution, change managers also need to deal with resistance to change, and because the overall strategy needs to be reflected in the main IT architecture, companies also need to update the software infrastructure and monitor and push software adoption. Customers and employees demand high-quality, personalized, digital experiences. The right software stack truly makes the difference when it comes to delivering on such a promise. Here’s a list of the top change management software solutions that cover different stages of the process. To manage a full change management program, emails and spreadsheets are definitely not the way to go. ChangeGear represents an enterprise-level change management software solution that allows you to plan your organizational change management strategies and takes into account volume and velocity of changes in large corporations. ChangeGear is used to automate change management and release management processes. This change management software is engineered for DevOps, IT, and Business Processes and Compliance, and includes a change calendar, approval management automation, visual reporting, management of RFCs and announcements, change advisory board (CAB) management tools, communications and notifications, RFC processing, SLA management tracking. Additionally, SunView’s software facilitates the management of change and compliance through functionalities connected to its central repository of changes, risk documentation, change record history, auditing and reporting. Regulatory Change Management is the process of making sure that all the procedures and practices connected to change management planning and implementing comply with norms, best practices, standards, and regulations. 360factors guarantees that processes are in line with the guidelines provided by regulatory authorities and industry standards and provides essential risk management insights using unique mapping and cognitive technologies. Predict360’s Regulatory Change Management Software can be implemented as a stand-alone solution or integrated within a more comprehensive and modular solution that also covers (but is not limited to) incident management, auditing processes, reporting, and learning management. This compliance management software is an integrated solution for managing governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) across an organization. Now, we couldn’t not include ourselves here, could we?! As a digital adoption platform, Userlane is designed to help companies successfully manage the significant changes associated with digital transformation. Our solution adds a guidance layer on top of any other application to steer users through processes in real time. Transition from one era to another is challenging, especially when it comes to legacy issues and resistance to change regarding replatforming processes and learning new software and tools. As a change management platform, Userlane reduces this resistance to change, helping CDOs, CTOs, and CIOs to implement new platforms and tools efficiently and rapidly with interactive guidance designed to maximize software adoption. This not only boosts the ROI of each software implementation but also helps companies to speed-up software rollouts with instantaneous knowledge transfer. Userlane also reduces problems associated with poor user experiences due to legacy issues and complexity and facilitates the process of migrating to cloud solutions. Userlane is also suitable to automate DBA and TTT training programs, meaning that there is no longer a need for training materials, such as books, hand guides, videos, and pdf documents. Offering a fully interactive and gamified experience, employees will instantly learn how to use any software application they’re required to work with, turning them into power users of the software. No frustration, doubt, or wasting valuable time. Userlane makes employees immediately productive and efficient in new software applications, and because it offers an exceptional and effortless UX, IT departments and help desks will no longer be overloaded with support requests. Offering constant performance support, Userlane democratizes software and allows companies to quickly adapt, overcome legacy issues, and implement successful change across the organization. If you’re looking to automate, standardize, speed-up processes, and successfully deal with managing multiple change management projects across different units, then Userlane is the perfect fit for your company. Service now mainly focuses on employee experience by enhancing cross-functional communications and streamlining the project management flow through the Now Platform®. This change management software allows teams to easily cooperate and fight silo structures, thus facilitating the spread of innovation. Servicenow’s software also allows you to create a seamless flow of information by managing shared IT resources. This change management platform can be used to enhance experiences throughout different departments and streamline IT, HR, security processes, or the development of custom applications. Servicenow offers different cloud solutions for different use cases and departments which integrate with the Now Platform® to manage IT infrastructure and operations, security, governance, risk and compliance, service delivery, issues, changes and releases, requests, knowledge bases, costs, impact, and much more. Rocket Aldon is a complete enterprise application lifecycle management suite that allows you to automate IT and DevOps processes. This change management software covers different stages, from the moment a change request is received to its implementation in production and monitoring phase. With Rocket Aldon you can follow changes throughout production while automating compliance reporting and audit tracking. Rocket Aldon allows you to automate the entire IT workflow and software release management with built-in compliance. Solarwinds is a network configuration change management solution that ensures compliance while reducing downtime. This change management tool allows companies to track and monitor network changes, define who performed the change, quickly recover from configuration errors, and ensure that all changes are compliant with regulations and standards. Additionally, the suite contains solutions for systems management, database management, security, and IT helpdesk. Automated configuration changes using approvals, bulk deployments, templates, and change monitoring. Freshservice is a cloud-based change management software and service desk solution. As a cloud IT service desk solution, Freshservice allows you to plan, track, and rollback changes from request and change advisory board (CAB) approval to implementation. Additionally, this change management software provides the basis for audits and reviews to improve the processes. When it comes to incident management, Freshservice allows you to perform root cause analysis, manage tickets, and automate problem management. This change management solution also works as a release management and an asset management tool that incorporates a change management repository, service-level management, and policy/contract enforcement. Extensive reporting, which allows you to identify bottlenecks and monitor the ITIL change management software performance. Remedy is a Helix cloud or on-premise digital service management solution that allows enterprises to plan IT transformation and change management processes. This software solution includes guided change requests, automated impact analysis, and risk management and allows you to manage conflicts with collision detection and plan a company-wide change calendar. Remedy allows CIOs to adopt and manage multi-cloud environments efficiently, create the perfect substrate for a customer-centric company structure transformation, drive innovation while optimizing costs and risks and manage assets and service level agreements. Spiceworks is an IT change management solution that incorporates Help Desk, Inventory Management, Network Monitoring, Traceroute Tool, and Procurement Management for managing your IT infrastructure, service virtualization, and cloud solutions. This IT change management software allows you to deal with incidents and tickets, asset management, reporting, network security and optimization, outages, subnets, cloud infrastructure cost management for Azure or AWS computing solutions. This change management software solution focuses on making sure that standardized methods and procedures are put in place when it comes to managing the entire IT infrastructure while handling and limiting the impact of incidents. The IT Change Management Process manages change requests and approvals while monitoring costs, impact, benefits, risks, and generating reports. SupaCMDB is a Configuration Management Database (CMDB) that includes a template-driven change management system built around ITIL principles. It supports a variety of assets, also known as “Configuration Items”, which include hardware, software, network, locations, people, and databases on top of fully configurable items. SupaCMDB can be also used to manage non-IT assets and documentation. SupaCMDB can also be combined with SupaDESK to provide a fully-integrated ITSM solution. StarTeam, formerly known as Borland StarTeam, is an enterprise change management software suite that enables process driven development and allows organizations to monitor and manage assets throughout the entire life cycle. This change management system is a centralized repository of assets, tools and resources for development teams that are in different locations. Giva is a service management suite that includes a helpdesk solution, knowledge management, customer support, asset management, service desk, and change management automation. This change management software supports decision making processes with great reporting functionalities that present a clear overview of KPIs, analytics, and metrics. ChangeManager® is an IT change management tool contained in the suite and is used to create and manage RFCs. Samange is a service desk solution that incorporates tools for ticket management, change management automation, knowledgebase management, risk management, reporting, benchmarking and auditing. With more than 2,000 customers around the world in a variety of vertical markets like financial services and healthcare, their software can be tailored to meet specific service needs, including HR and facility management. From incident management and SLAs management and ticket handling to an employee service portal and asset management, Samange really covers several different areas of change management and digitization. This is our list of change management software solutions. If you feel that we’ve forgotten an important tool (maybe your own!), feel free to reach out and we’ll be more than happy to add it to our list. And, as mentioned, one of the most critical steps in change management is dealing with resistance to change and pushing software adoption. Userlane allows you
visits daily you function. You may possibly well be out of work, but you need to create sure they are know that you’re prepared to own and lets you relish and grow your job . If there are any alterations to the schedule to anticipate inside the future, Before you choose work, consult the recruiter. Finding a job force you to come to feel insecure and could be terrifying. Most are working at minimum wage jobs, occupations that don’t offer adequate to pay for standard living expenses. The job requires making sure all jobs are finished at time and in budget and also increasing the sum of contracts. All leadership jobs now desire a understanding the way to to lead yourself and others out of current to new procedures of operating . If you are searching to get an job that needs quantity crunching saying your weak spot is maths is not likely to get you some favours. The facilitator’s role in an organization assignment is to create an environment where the task seeker may respond inherently letting the company to select the prospect that is most appropriate for your own position. You’ve built your first opinion once you have got a meeting with a person, and that you don’t have another opportunity , since they say! Where there is over one man answerable for the group of their prospect A board meeting is. In case the work interview is right for just a bit more informal, a swift food restaurant is nice, for example khakis and pull over shirt. It really is always valuable ahead to enjoying a job interview, to prepare yourself. You havenat had a work interview at a instant that is exact extended. After having a work analysis of how a job was conducted, Task descriptions are made. After you are logged on, it’s definitely going to ask that you simply fill out the required information you normally put in when applying for work each. There’s no authoritative collection of things generates lousy knowledge” on a job application. Recruiters commonly find out what accomplishments you have received, when you have functioned having a tremendous clientname discard it directly away. Like at the prior scenario, a recruiter is probably interested on your relations. Recruiters can use resume parsing through a CRM, for example, salesforce. The recruiter can take a good peek at your encounter in a simplified and speedy way. Finally , he has a great deal of selections and also a database to pick from. Possessing a recruiter right normally comes with a possibility of seeing meeting, so when you have received the choice select for that. Notably gifted bettors also comprise the word employing at this issue line. The recruiter lets you know to wear business apparel. Recruiters ought to try more troublesome to test every restart irrespective of the format, then you could be right, if you’re considering well, however, that is perhaps not truly the reality. The interviewer can not explain why you happen to be paired into the project, even the moment you state that you have no any expertise in that industry. He might give additional insight or details which may be valuable to you. He does not know a lot about the business so he gives its website address to you. Recruiters advise job seekers that answering the device is the choice that is the most proper, and also you ought to make every effort. Each and every once at a while, the cell phone rings, also it is just a recruiter in the end. The task seeker did re apply, that it’d not seem to become quite a duplicate shifting her address. Job-seekers want to take care of a great experience and abilities. The occupation seekers with more than 10 years of practical experience using a speedier means of obtaining a dream career. Some organizations will scan your resume and wont require a physical copy, that’s the thing IMO. Reach them out In the event you understand someone at the company. Ensure you are aware of everything the company is all about, and you likely to get their consideration. Although it is important to become careful about just what the organization you are signing up to will be hunting, it’s also essential to learn your strengths which means it’s possible to adapt them to accommodate the business. Visit if you know some one that can, if you really don’t know some one at the company. Whenever you compose advice. You only don’t have info. You are conscious that you have got to present contact info, such as for example cell phone number email, and also your LinkedIn account. Occasionally, you might acquire an email. No Thing will acquire a message deleted quicker. Perhaps not needing a specialist email is among arguably the most often seen, and the hardest problems, a job seeker may create. Even a good email may make or break a hire, so therefore it is essential that you receive it right. Using my email that’s available everywhere signals that the recruiter did some research . Your email address should be your name and the work name along with quite a blend of your name you want to get. Un professional e mail addresses are only a single of the ways of sending selecting professionals the concept that is incorrect. Mail is a tool, but it is not the most useful you to make use of. Below kob Application Email is being experienced by you. You are filling out a job app to raise your personal likelihood to growing work by turning into a expert job member of Dubai town Company. Therefore, it gets crucial that you streamline the applicant decision method to hasten recruiting and boost efficiency. If you wish to relocate work, you likely already know it is most reliable to render your address. In the specialty of design, your work is not represented by a resume. By doing this, your work is to be certain the administrators that are possible. It’s crucial that you show up and do that job daily As the occupation could demand a greater name or greater income. In the event that you would like to obtain work in a well-known company, do your absolute best to fulfill with their standards and to show accordingly. You have to tailor your resume to get each and every job which you employ to get. By adding too or the matters many things to your resume, you will be prevented from getting the business occupation that you desire. Your resume, also as previously mentioned, is not an all-out explanation of each thing you have obtained. As an problem of fact, Resume focuses on highlighting the truth of your employment history. The resumes were rather different in regards to individual interests, academic qualifications, along with adventure. Loans for to commence a company, you apply have to be paid back. Hire a business writer that will allow you to compose a company application. Consequently, certification alternatives for LPNs come inplace to make sure the instruction, the practice and the guidelines of this livelihood are maintained. Additionally, there certainly are a lot of formats than I am conscious of, you can use to produce your portfolio and more. You are even permitted to provide short tutorial videos so you assemble a subsequent and can build your own channel. Research the regulations therefore you will be ready if you possess the telephone. You can also ask tips. Know salons. You have to get a really good extremely attractive and great resume if you are requesting for a job for a cosmetologist. Moreover, the occupation of a cosmetologist wo cause you to feel tired. To start with, you have got to submit an application to your job by delivering a copy of your biodata, then in case the bio-data gets short listed, you need to deal with a succession of interviews and tests. Your fantasy occupation might be software and described as considered a dialog away. You might delight within a different livelihood for a salon builder called an accountant or area agent. Of being truly a legitimate cosmetologist the Resume Samplesjob necessitates having plenty of capabilities and also training. Cosmetologists who have visited wonder school are usually favored for entry-level functions, therefore be certain you add your instruction. Cosmetologists from the design industry demands a pulse around the newest styles and fashions and become at a position to pay for close consideration to the specific prerequisites and wants of fashion photographers, designers, artists, along with stylists. Extra certificates are usually completed by nurses wishing to boost their effectiveness within their job or want to operate toward specializing in a position of these livelihood. The large part of the moment is the very first thing that a employer sees and can carry out in whether or not they opt to hire you largerole. A career objective is just a statement which defines the location you are looking, setting the tone for the rest of your own resume. So after you place for a position, be certain your abilities are highlighted on your own resume. Personalize your statement every time that you put in an application to get a Cosmetologist placement. Circumstances the perfect job candidate is screened out due to a lousy resume. As a certified beauty school teacher, you’ve accomplished either training to get a cosmetologist along with a cosmetology instructor. To acquire a job to get a cosmetologist, you also ought to possess teaching talents, and a excellent deal of encounter. Instructors ought to be capable trainers and evaluators to be able to comprehend developmental needs and also to offer effective advice to college students. The students are going to stay the classroom, so learning all of elements of the business enterprise. In a few instances, college students with felony convictions will not be issued with a permit. Personal colleges will require longer time with many different pursuits from teachers outside the college day. Even a Cosmetologist using a terrible attitude and disposition that is dreadful creative, vibrant or talented isn’t good for business. If you’re heading out marketing, utilize the sorts of hair dressing you do therefore you could execute a scheduled appointment on the fly. Your hair stylist portfolio that is expert is some thing that you should start while you are in cosmetology college. An expert hair-stylist portfolio also be used for numerous things and might be assembled within the whole period of your beauty career. Possessing a expert hair-stylist site may make you seem like a expert! If you would like to become a barber, you have to attend a barber teaching regime and find a license. You
her the EFT technique and it is amazing how well it works!! Before she would get so upset if she saw one, she would scream and cry (let alone run the other way!). When we returned home she was outside with no incidents!!! That was wonderful for her!! We can’t thank Janet enough!! Highly recommend! If you're a skeptic: don't be! Janet's treatment legitimately works! For a few years now I've had a fear of driving long distances and by myself. It showed up out of the blue and put a serious pause on my life when I had to leave for college. Two years of fear, and after ONE session with Janet, I am free from that fear! I have successfully driven home from college (a 2.5 hour drive) TWICE by myself with no worries. Then from home to Columbus and back to school, easily 6 hours of driving and with no one in the car! I can't thank Janet enough for the confidence she gave me and the fear she released. I was a smoker for 40 years. After my FIRST session with Janet I occasionally thought of smoking but didn't. After my SECOND session the thought of smoking was a distant memory. I wish I had done this sooner. The best money I ever spent. I would recommend Janet to anyone. Janet is AMAZING! If it wasn't for her I know for a fact I would not be a paramedic and would have never passed my NREMT paramedic test. I have severe test anxiety and was told by three coworkers that I needed to get hypnotized, but I just ignored them thinking I didn't need to--- boy, was I wrong! I had taken the test four other times prior to getting hypnotized and failed 4 out of 5 categories each time I took it. I was talking about how bad my test anxiety was with one of the guys who also had the same symptoms as I did. He told me he got hypnotized after he failed his test the first time and on his second try passed with no problem. I honestly was a little nervous about getting hypnotized because I had no idea what to expect. After meeting with Janet I have never felt so confident and relaxed about taking a test in my whole life. I just wish I would have known about her sooner. Thanks to Janet I am free of test anxiety and am forever grateful for the opportunity to meet her. I would have never believed the transformation in my son if I had not seen it myself! Due to a series of life events my teenage son lost his confidence and developed anxiety. My once, very talented athlete was ready to quit sports and give up on social activities because it just became too much to perform in front of a crowd. The only answer I received from a psychologist and medical doctor was to give him medication. Before I allowed him to give up sports I asked him to give Janet Berg a chance. As a seventeen year old boy he was hesitant but agreed. My son met with Ms. Berg one time and became a different person. Not only does he have his confidence back but he deals much better with conflict and in the three games he's played since his session he has scored more points than he did in the last two years combined. Thank you Janet Berg for giving me my son back. Words can't express how much we appreciate you taking the time to work with him and help him overcome his anxiety. Because of his time with you he is able to not only continue with sports but also has the skills in place to deal with life's difficult situations. Ms. Berg truly changed my son's life for the better and we are eternally grateful. "I cannot begin to explain how grateful I am to have found Janet online. I have always been an anxious person, but the panic attacks were growing more frequent and seemed to last longer as I have gotten older. I was having trouble staying focused and experiencing periods of insomnia. My doctor recommended I take a cocktail of anti-anxiety medication which left me feeling like I was perpetually in a haze. I knew something needed to change. During my first session, Janet and I discussed some of my past events which have led to my anxiety. We began practicing the EFT techniques during the first session; I felt indescribably better. By practicing the tapping techniques Janet taught me I am more in control of my emotions and triggers; I have become a lighter, happier person in such a short time. She helped me realize the panic attacks are not because I am unable to cope with situations, but because I have not cleared out the fears of not feeling safe and comfortable from my past. By tapping I am recognizing the fear, acknowledging it, and clearing it out of my way. Tapping is easy to learn and can be done anywhere to address feelings as they arise (no need to wait until later and try to recall the event that caused a panic attack at another point in your day). With EFT I am able to get right back into my work and help others rather than feeling on edge and emotional or feeling groggy from medication. Janet is such a kind hearted person and so easy to talk to without any judgment. I would recommend her services to anyone who needs assistance. I wish I had found her earlier in my life as EFT could have certainly have benefited my 20 year old self but I am forever thankful she came into my life now. It is never too early to take back the power of your emotional health; with Janet, it is also never too late to reclaim it. Thank you so much for all you have done." I was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder in 2007. I have struggled for over 7 years with daily panic attacks and anxiety. I have been on multiple medications and have been in therapy for many years. I am always searching for the latest information or therapies available for my condition and found that past life regression can be helpful. I found Janet’s site and made an appointment with her. She helped me discuss the best plan and we moved forward with the R & R Program. Her gracious style and loving manner eased my tension immediately upon arrival the first time. We eventually performed the past life regression on May 27th. I actually saw everything that was gripping me. A date came to mind and I even retrieved a full name of who I was. We gently closed the past together. When I arrived home I researched “who” I was and all the information was true right before my eyes! It is now June 25, 2014 and I have not experienced a single panic attack or any episodes of anxiety. I am finally FREE after 7 years of agony! I am so very grateful for Janet and her expertise. I highly recommend anyone suffering with anxiety, depression or panic attacks to visit and explore Janet’s offerings. "I highly recommend Janet Berg! After a family member had seen her for help and had such success, they insisted Janet could help me as well. I wanted to build my self confidence and to motivate myself to make healthier choices so I could lose weight. Immediately after my session, I felt much lighter and more confident. Like I dropped a heavy weight off my back. I joined a Zumba class the next day and really enjoy going. I make wiser choices when I shop for food and when I eat. I know it will take time to lose weight and get healthy and don\’t beat myself up that it\’s not happening as fast as I think it should. I feel more confident in my self-image and in things that I do. Shopping for clothes is no longer a frustrating and tearful experience. I accept and like who I am and what I see. If it doesn\’t fit, I don\’t make it a personal attack on me. I just smile and find something else. Now I look in the mirror and smile. Any self destructive words stop and change before I can even say them out loud. They just don\’t sound \”right\” any more. It\’s like there\’s verbal auto correct. No judging, no unreal expectations, no comparing what I \”should\” look like, no tearing myself down. I feel good in my own skin. I like who I am. When I audition, I have so much more confidence and have gotten the part I had wanted to get. What makes it so neat is this just IS. I don\’t think about the confidence being there– it just is. My family and friends have noticed how much more confident I am and are so happy for me. I feel like I am in charge of my life now and am happy. And not letting something else beat me down. It feels freeing and so wonderful!" “Finally in ten years I can honestly say that I AM A NON-SMOKER! I used to be the typical smoker that was always waiting for the opportune time to quit smoking. I was in search of that point in my life that was maybe less stressful or when I was done with college or maybe after I started a family. But the excuses kept coming to continue smoking and even after several attempts to quit I continued to smoke. I finally found that the perfect time to stop was when I couldn’t smoke worry-free anymore. With each cigarette came this guilt that I was too weak-willed to stop, the worry about the health risks, and financial burden caused by my bad habit. I knew I needed to quit. Even more importantly, I knew I needed help to beat this addiction. My help came from Janet Berg in the form of Hypnotherapy. Janet Berg has truly changed my outlook on my health, wellness, and overall image of life and healing. It’s been two years since my wonderful experience with Janet’s sessions and I’m still enjoying the freedom from the smoking habit. Janet had helped me uncover the strength buried within myself to win against my destructive behavior. I now have the freedom from smelling of smoke, from wasting money on cigarettes, and the best part is that I have
back more than 1,000 years: According to legend, Mieszko I founded Poland in 966. It flourished in the 15th and 16th centuries as the Polish Lithuanian Union, a political entity resulting from Queen Jadwiga’s marriage to Wladyslaw II Jagiello of Lithuania in 1386. In the 1700s, however, Poland’s three powerful neighbors-Austria, Prussia and Russia — carved up the country in the Three Partitions of Poland (1772, 1793 and 1795). Poland as a nation ceased to exist again until 1918, following World War I; it lost its independence once more during World War II, when the Russian and German offenses ravaged southern Poland and nearly 6 million Poles died. Poland was reborn as the Communist People’s Republic of Poland in 1952, and re-entered the global economy in 1990, as the Rzeczpospolita Polska (Republic of Poland). That turmoil-filled history will color very aspect of your genealogical research, beginning with your family’s arrival in America. The majority of Poles journeyed to the New World during the time Austria, Prussia and Russia ruled their homeland: Immigrants began coming from Prussian-occupied areas in 1848; by the 1880s, the Austrian-governed province of Galicia and the Russian Empire were supplying a steady stream of Polish emigrants. The influx peaked from 1880 to 1910, during America’s “great wave” of immigration, with an estimated 3 million Poles in the United States by 1910, If your ancestors were among those immigrants, they didn’t officially come from Poland, but from one of those other three nations — a fact to keep in mind as you research in immigration records. Because Poland’s territory shrank over time, it’s also possible your Polish forebears came from an area that’s outside the modern nation’s borders. Step 3: Determine the immigrant ancestor’s name. Speaking of immigration, your next step in following your clan back to Poland is retracing your immigrant ancestors’ journey to America. To do that, you’ll need to determine their original Polish names-which may or may not be the same ones they used in America. Like other immigrants, Poles sometimes “translated” their given names to the English equivalents (Jan becomes John; Katarzyna becomes Katherine). With surnames, they most often altered the spelling or pronunciation: Because Polish orthography is so different from English, immigrants wanted to make their names look and sound more American. Since that generally happened after they arrived in the United States, expect your ancestors to appear in earlier records — including their passenger arrival lists — with their Polish monikers. This is where it helps to understand Polish naming practices. Polish Roman Catholics, for example, would often name a child after a saint whose feast day was celebrated on or near the baby’s date of birth or baptism. Books can help you determine given names in Latin, Polish and German, and find the proper spellings of surnames. Alternatively, you can get passenger lists on micro film at most large public libraries, from the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) <archives.gov> and its regional research facilities, and from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints’ Family History Library (FHL) <www.familysearch.org> in Salt Lake City (rent the film to view at your local Family History Center, or FHC). Step 4: Find the ancestral home. This is perhaps the most important step in the research process. To find records from the old country, you need to know where your family lived-just the name of a province or nearby large city isn’t enough, because repositories file records by locality. How do you get it? If you listened closely to your relatives and carefully examined family documents, perhaps you noted the name of a city, village, or at least a county or district that can serve as starting point for further digging. If none of your home searches turned up any clues, you’ll now need to scour other sources to find out where your family came from. Try vital records, obituaries, cemetery and funeral records, church records, censuses, naturalization papers and the Social Security Death Index (also searchable free through Morse’s Web site). Once you have a specific place name, determine its location-along with pre- and post-WWI government and ecclesiastical jurisdictions-using a selection of maps, atlases and gazetteers. Because of Poland’s turbulent history, administrative jurisdictions have changed numerous times. Historically, powiaty (counties)were the basic geographic division; while those still exist, the government introduced województwa (literally, “voivodeships,” but usually referred to as provinces) in 1975. In 1999, it consolidated Poland’s 49 former województwa into 16. PolandGenWeb’s map <rootsweb.com/-polwgw/49provs.html> can help you sort out that reshuffling. Parish boundaries have shifted overtime, too-and they don’t follow those of political jurisdictions. Gazetteers usually list which jurisdictions a town belonged to. The FHL has an extensive collection of microfilmed maps and gazetteers, which you can find by doing a place search of the online catalog for Poland. When you latersc our the FHL catalog for Polish records (see step 5), be aware that the library uses place names from the 1968 Spis Miejscowosci Polskiey Rzeczypospilitej Ludowej by J. Jodlowska (Wydawnictwo Komunikacji i Lacznosci). Iwo Pogonowski’s Poland: A Historical Atlas (Hippocrene Books) is also a good reference for resolving geographcal questions. Online, try JewishGen’s ShtetlSeeker <www.jewishgen.org/shtetlseeker> search of Eastern European towns, as well as online place-finding tools that focus on particular areas, such as Kartenmeister <www.kartenmeister.com> (Prussia) and Genealogy of Halychyna/Eastern Galicia <www.halgal.com>. You’ll also want to explore the Federation of East European Family History Societies’ Map Room <feefhs.org/newest_map.html>. Step 5: Hunt down records. Now that you know where your ancestors lived, you’re ready to tackle research in Polish records. Luckily, you can get many of the documents you need — including vital records — stateside. As with other European countries, parish records are a staple of Polish genealogical research, as the Polish government didn’t institute civil registration of births, marriages and deaths until 1946. The FHL’s microfilm collection covers parish registers from Roman Catholic, Greek Catholic, Jewish, Lutheran and Orthodox churches throughout Poland, as well as some Prussian civil registrations (1874 to about 1880). To find those records, do a place search of the FHL catalog for your town name — be sure to look under both the Civil Records and Church Records headings. Then order relevant films at your local FHC. Next, consult other libraries with large Polish collections, such as Central Connecticut State University <www.ccsu.edu>, the New York Public Library’s Slavic and Baltic Division <www.nypl.org> and the University of Pittsburgh <www. pitt. edu>, for materials relating to Polish-Americans’ histories, traditions and communities. • Archives: Records from one registration district could be housed in multiple repositories, including a parish church, archdiocesan archive, local civil-records office or state archive. You’ll want to check all the possibilities, which means getting familiar with Poland’s archive system. The State Archves of Poland-the country’s national archive in Warsaw-is split into the Archive of New Records for post 1945 materials and the Central Archive of Historical Records for earlier documents. In addition, 30 state archives across the country hold records older than 100 years from their respective regions. Visit <archiwa.gov.pl/?CIDA=177> for links to each state archive’s Web site, where you’ll find contact information and a guide to its holdings. The SEZAM <archiwa.gov.pl/?CIDA= 376> and PRAD-ZIAD <archiwa.gov.pl/?CIDA=378> databases are also helpful for determining the locations of various records. You can do research by mail, though PolandGenWeb’s research guide <rootsweb.com/~polwgw/Research.html> cautions that since fees can add up quickly, you should set an upper limit in your request. Your inquiry will have the best chance of meeting with success if it’s concise, specific and written in Polish. The Polish Genealogical Society of America provides several form letters at <pgsa.org/letterwriting.htm>, and you can download the FHL’s Polish Letter-Writing Guide from Family Search (from the home page, click on Guides, then on Letter-Writing Guide). Or hire someone who’s fluent in Polish to write the letter for you. Local civil-records offices (urzedy stanzl cywilnego) are supposed to keep records from the past 100 years, but sometimes you can find older records there. The Polish Genealogical Society of Connecticut and the Northeast <www.pgsctne.org> has an index to vital records in Polish town halls covering 1880 to 1945; you can request a lookup for a small fee. •
is designed to help you comply with all of the above. Does the PTA need a Data Protection Officer? - carry out large scale processing of special categories of data or data relating to criminal convictions and offences. A PTA doesn’t perform either of these activities at either small or large scale so you are not required to have a DPO. That really would be spoiling the party. OK. Here you go. A one page summary with everything you need. What happens if there isn't a separate PTA, or the PTA organisation has been merged into the school? Some schools are re-integrating their PTAs into the school organisation. In this case the school will be the data controller and PTA officials are treated in the same way a as school staff. What's the difference between a Data Controller and a Data Processor? The difference between these two roles is critical but not always obvious. According to the Information Commissioner's Office, a "data controller" means … a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. A "data processor", in relation to personal data, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. What's the difference between a Classlist Member and Non Member? A Classlist Member has completed the registration procedure, and the personal details they chose to share are visible to other users. They are a full member of the site and can access all its functionality. A Classlist Non Member will have been invited by email to join the site but has not registered. No information on them will be available to other users with the exception of site administrators. A Non Member who has been regularly and recently receiving a emails or similar communications from the PTA or school relating to the parent community will continue to be included in these communications through the Classlist email system. They have the option of unsubscribing at any point. What information can the school lawfully supply to the PTA? Where you set up a Classlist site your PTA is acting as a "Data Controller". The school is already a "Data Controller" because it manages lots of information about pupils and parents. In general, no personal data can be transferred between data controllers without a good legal justification, which sometimes requires specific consent from each parent. Classlist has obtained a legal Opinion from VWV, one of the top five legal firms working with UK schools, on this area. This confirms that as long as your PTA is following the practices and procedures set out by Classlist, the school can lawfully help you to verify and update information which you have collected through the Classlist system. This can include parent names, child names, child class details, and parent email details. The school may for example help you check applicants against a master list of parents. Or provide you with class lists at the end of each year or term so you can update your records and ensure each pupil is allocated to the correct class. Please bear in mind that you aren't permitted to use this data for any other purpose than to validate new applicants and make updates to your database. A draft letter to the school from PTAs launching Classlist is here and a draft letter for PTAs which currently operate Classlist is here. Where the school is providing you with any personal data about parents or their families, these must be transmitted using a secure, encrypted and private mechanism and you must have arrangements in place to manage this information on a completely confidential basis. What does my school need to do? What can I send to explain everything? The Classlist website has lots of material describing how the app works and the benefits to schools and parents. Regarding data protection specifics, the school is already a Data Controller and will be working with you as another Data Controller. They have all the data needed to enable you validate new applicants, and should be keen to help as this ensures a well functioning trusted parent community. They can also assist with allocation of members to new classes at the beginning of each academic year which can otherwise become very time consuming. A draft letter to the school from PTAs launching Classlist is here and a draft letter for PTAs which currently operate Classlist is here. Why should my school agree to help? What's in it for them? The school is likely to see some advantages in Classlist and may have some concerns. The advantages are typically around cost - a reduction in school office admin time; and around parent engagement - which is a new OFSTED metric - recent studies show that stronger parent communities can really improve student outcomes. They may also see benefits around safeguarding where parents can help each other with supervision and information both for junior and teenage years. A few school heads are concerned that Classlist will be used for complaining and tittle tattle. This would be contrary to our user guidelines and has proved extremely rare. What is far more common is parents using Facebook or WhatsApp to complain, where content can be difficult to moderate or remove. Heads often tell us they prefer Classlist for exactly this reason. Finally, where parents, school or PTA bring in local sponsors to support Classlist, 50% of the revenue goes back to the school which is always very welcome. What happens if my school doesn't agree to help, or can't do anything quite yet? If the school is too busy or doesn't have capacity to help right now, this is far from a show stopper. It certainly helps if the school head sends an announcement to parents encouraging them to join. However many PTAs using Classlist around the country have relied on their own resources to develop invite lists; get the word out, and get Classlist sites up and running. You don't have to wait for the school to be ready. Is it better to have the school as Data Controller? The choice of data controller needs to reflect the reality of who is administering the site. This organisation will have more privileges and can use it for more things. If you have an active PTA with lots of Class Reps, events and announcements then we generally recommend the PTA takes the lead. If the PTA doesn't communicate extensively with parents or has limited resources and the school is either very active in promoting the parent community, or wants to enable parents contact each other, it is fine for the school to lead. You do need to make it clear to parents who manages the site. If this changes later, you can always ask parents to reconfirm they are happy with new arrangements. Some schools prefer to be data controllers. This does make it easier for them to issue invitations and to build a very inclusive community. Where the school runs the site the PTA does not have an official role, although PTA members can send invitations and messages just as other members can. PTA officials can assist with some site administration tasks if the school has limited resources, but they must be careful not to use personal data or other information they obtain in this capacity for other PTA purposes. Classlist's Terms and Conditions explain this in more detail. How does new legislation change PTA liabilities? Do we need to review our insurance? Any organisation dealing with personal data will have additional responsibilities and liabilities from May 2018. This even applies if you simply circulate a spreadsheet of names. Working with Classlist means you have taken a big step to manage and reduce any potential liabilities, because our processes have gone through a legal audit and have a lot of data protection safeguards built in. - Through establishing a relationship with Classlist as your Data Processor you immediately become compliant in terms of using a legally validated, properly structured approach to data management. Classlist also becomes responsible for the technical and cybersecurity aspects of where personal data goes; who is authorised to access to it, and how it is protected from attack. - Regarding insurance, should there be a data breach where Classlist's systems are at fault, we are fully insured for public liability, professional indemnity and also have specific cover for cyber insurance. PTAs generally hold insurance policies designed to cover public and personal liability for the Association and its officers. You are advised to check your coverage to ensure all relevant contingencies are covered. - In choosing to work with Classlist, you have selected the market leader in this area. Classlist brings experience from working with over 1,800 schools across the UK. We have also invested heavily to obtain the best possible legal advice to ensure our procedures comply with current and anticipated legal requirements. You will therefore be seen to have acted in a prudent and conservative manner in selecting your supplier. Naturally Classlist cannot be held responsible for data breaches where the PTA is at fault. However through using Classlist's purpose-built system, which is designed entirely around security, privacy and meeting PTA requirements, we believe that the likelihood of personal data going astray is significantly reduced. What liability does my school take? Classlist's agreement to act as Data Processor for the PTA or school means that we take prime liability for any breakdown in our systems or processes. As you would expect, the school does still have liability for negligence on their part, and should have insurance in place to cover this. How real is the risk of a fine? To date we aren't aware of any school or body associated with a school being prosecuted or fined for anything related to data protection. But nobody knows how the courts will enforce new regulations, and there is likely to be a period of adjustment as things bed down. New legislation introduces a new set of penalties – the greater of 4% of turnover or €20 million. Under existing legislation ICO has handed out five and six figure fines not just to big corporates, but to well respected charities, who had systematically deployed fund-raising practices which weren't legal, or who failed to act appropriately after a data breach. Perhaps equally important is the reputational damage to the school and organisations associated with it if practices are found wanting in material respects. In assessing what corrective action to take ICO will typically look at the overall
from this initial state. The Bible describes Jerusalem as being the initial center of Christianity, with James the brother of Jesus at its head. The book of Acts, Paul's epistles, and others describe Paul as being the main founder and supreme authority of the Gentile churches -- that is of Pauline Christianity. Meanwhile, Jesus' disciples formed the Jewish Christian movement centered in Jerusalem, under the leadership of James, the brother of Jesus. Peter probably did not write any part of the Christian Scriptures (New Testaments). 1 Peter was probably not written by Peter; 2 Peter certainly was not. Although churches are mentioned in the Christian Scriptures (as in Revelation 1:4) they are described as independent groups who met in believers' homes. They were apparently not part of a religious organization that is centrally controlled from Rome. Siricius, who reigned at the end of the 4th century CE, was the first bishop of Rome to be called pope. Pope Leo I, who reigned from 440 to 461 CE was the first to claim that the bishop of Rome was highest ranking of the bishops of the church. It took many centuries before the pope could speak for the church. Before that, all decisions affecting Christendom had to be settled by all of the bishops meeting together, as at the Council of Nicea in 325 CE. The early Pauline congregations were informal faith communities. A formal, hierarchical organization only came much later. Except for the first few years after Jesus' execution, there was no consensus of belief among Christians. The movement was split into many different groups, each teaching different belief system. The main ones were Gnostic Christianity, Jewish Christianity and Pauline Christianity. Often, there were a number of Christian congregations in the larger cities with competing and conflicting messages. Matthew 16:18-19: "And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." (King James Version) The Greek word "ekklesia" is translated as church in the King James Version of the Bible. Catholics typically interpret "ekklesia" as referring to a formal church organization. This passage thus assigns Peter the responsibility to begin to assemble a great monolithic religious organization with Peter as its initial head. Many Protestant theologians generally interpret the word as referring to an informal faith community, vaguely similar to today's independent house churches and cell churches. Some liberals interpret this passage as a simple pun without any deeper significance. In Jesus' language, Aramaic or Syro-Chaldaic, the word "Cephas" meant both the name "Peter," and the word "rock." Also the word translated as "this" is more accurately translated as "this very." So the 18th verse could be translated into modern English "...you are Rocky, and upon this very rock I will build my church." 1 Corinthians 3:10-11: "According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." (KJV) This statement by Paul appears to credit himself (and not Peter) as the master builder who has laid the foundation of the church, up on which others are to build further. It contains no reference to Peter's contribution. Ephesians 2:19-22: "Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God; And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone; In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord: In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit." (KJV) This statement by Paul credits all of the Apostles (presumably including himself) and prophets as forming the symbolic foundation of the church, with Jesus Christ being the main corner stone. Peter appears to be considered as simply one Apostle among equals. 1 Peter 2:2-6: "As newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby: If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious. To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious, Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded." (KJV) The Catholic church doubts that Peter wrote this epistle, and attributes probable authorship to a disciple of Peter, perhaps Silvanus. 5 It says that all believers form part of a "spiritual house, an holy priesthood," with Jesus as cornerstone. The contribution of Peter appears to be as one believer among many equals. The original 12 disciples, less Judas plus Matthias (chosen in Acts 1). all of the Apostles and prophets, with Jesus as cornerstone. all Christians, with Jesus as cornerstone. The lack of earlier non biblical references might have been due to those writings having been lost. Very few writings survived from that era. An alternative interpretation is that the concept of Peter founding the Christian church in Rome did not develop until after the middle of the 2nd century CE. 211 CE: Tertullian wrote: "...remember that the Lord left the keys of it to Peter here, and through him to the Church..." ("Antidote Against the Scorpion," 10). Were leaders in Rome recognized as the head of the Christian religion? Some ancient letters have been cited as proof of a functioning Pope in Rome who controlled all of Christendom. Some date from the late 1st century to the late 2nd century CE. 80 CE: About 15 years after the executions of Peter and Paul, Clement of Rome wrote a letter to the church at Corinth. He apparently was recommending that the Corinthians expel "a few rash and self-willed persons" who have promoted "abominable and unholy sedition." He asks the church to "Accept our counsel and you will have nothing to regret...If anyone disobey the things which have been said by him [God] through us let them know that they will involve themselves in transgression and in no small danger...You will afford us joy and gladness if being obedient to the things which we have written through the Holy Spirit, you will root out the wicked passion of jealousy" (Letter to the Corinthians 1:1, 58:2-59:1, 63:2). He is claiming to know the will of God and the Holy Spirit. He appears to be write the letter as a Christian leader, much like Paul's letters to the same group at Corinth. But, it is not clear whether he is writing as the supreme authority within Christendom, i.e. as the pope. It is worth noting that Clement seems to have written this document some 8 years before the Roman Catholic church believes that he became pope. If the Church is correct in its dates, then Clement did not write the letter as a pope. 80 CE: Hermas wrote "Therefore shall you [Hermas] write two little books and send one to Clement and one to Grapte. Clement shall then send it to the cities abroad, because that is his duty." (The Shepherd 2:4:3). Clement is described as having the responsibilities of a type of corresponding secretary for the churches "abroad." Again, this letter appears to have been written some 8 years before the Roman Catholic church believes that he became pope. 110 CE: Ignatius of Antioch wrote a letter "...to the church also which holds the presidency, in the location of the country of the Romans, worthy of God, worthy of honor, worthy of blessing, worthy of praise, worthy of success, worthy of sanctification, and, because you hold the presidency in love, named after Christ and named after the Father" (Letter to the Romans 1:1). Ignatius seems to view Christendom as being composed of a number of churches of which the one at Rome is the most important; it holds "the presidency." It makes sense that the Roman congregation would be considered the principal Christian church, early in the 2nd century. It was located at Rome, which was the economic, cultural, educational, and political center of the known world. However, Ignatius' letter says nothing about a single individual, a pope, within the Roman congregation controlling the rest of the the churches. From the 3rd century onwards, there is a consensus within the Roman Catholic church that each generation of bishops were ordained by previously ordained bishops. The church teaches that the original bishops were ordained by the Apostles, who in turn had been ordained by Jesus. 8 This continuous, unbroken line of ordination from Jesus to modern-day bishops is called the "Apostolic Succession." Circa 260 CE: Firmilian wrote: "Christ breathed upon the Apostles alone, saying to them, 'Receive the Holy Spirit. If you forgive any man his sins they shall be forgiven, and if you retain any man's sins they shall be retained.' The power of forgiving sins was
. If you think I’m crazy for unloading this strange analogy on a new reader, I’m sorry :). Good luck to you in 2014! Thank you so much for this reply! I love analogies and “story telling” – I think they are still the most powerful tools we humans have for learning and understanding new situations. Wishing you all the best and I’m so happy I found your blog at this time – it must be some kind of sign. So glad you don’t think I’m crazy! I’m glad you found me, too! Hi Megan! I just saw this posted on facebook so I clicked over to read. I love your passion for nutrition and wellness! I am a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist myself and got a masters in nutrition communication since we were in Theta together in college 🙂 If you ever want to talk about the field, let me know! Hi Caroline! So great to hear from you, and thanks so much for your comments! I’ve been loving following your delicious looking recipes on pinterest, but I’m so happy to now see your beautiful website and blog! I would LOVE to catch up and hear how you got your start in the field; I’ll send you an email in the next few days. Thanks again! Thank you so much, Arman! Like I said to Amy, you were another of my blends that I was most worried about, so I’m thrilled to see your reaction. I know you relate to the uncertainty and to the desire to follow your dreams (I loved your recent career post!), and I’m so excited to see where this year takes YOU, too! Megan, there’e no need to be scared about failing or to be worried about what people will think — because you have already succeeded — by making the decision and taking steps to pursue what you feel will make you happy. The future is always uncertain, but you’ve got a heartfelt dream and you’re going to go for it. You’re not giving up — you’re standing up. Congratulations !!! Thank you so much for your support, Dad. You’ve always been the biggest proponent of balance for me – and while I previously took that to mean balancing as many things as possible, I now understand that it means more than that. I’m excited to find the real balance in my life! This is so amazing! I only started reading your blog a few weeks ago but I am so glad I came across it in time to hear about this! I love that you have figured out the direction you want to go in to find what makes you happy. I hope to one day be able to do something similar! Congrats and best of luck! Thank you so much for your support, Lisa! I’m so glad you’ve found me, too :). And I hope that you do end up doing something similar in the future, if it makes you happy! Congratulations Megan. I have read your blog every day but today? Was the best ever! Please don’t stop the blog because although I don’t respond every day I am motivated every day. Today I copied several of your sayings and intend to put them in my office….. Follow your dreams…….believe in yourself and there is no doubt you will continue to be the shining star you have always been. Thank you so much, Danielle! I love your thoughts on success – I agree! Megan – I loved reading about your journey through discovering your passion and making a tough but rewarding decision! It’s true what they say…the greatest risk is not taking a risk at all! You go girl…it will all come together – the best is yet to come! Thank you so much, Ruthie! I really appreciate your support! Let Mike & I know if you are ever interested in a job in Atlanta. You would love Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta’s employee wellness program… Congrats and good luck!! Thank you for your comment, Rachel! The employee wellness program sounds awesome, and I’d love to see more of you and Mike … if only it was in Dallas! So very excited and happy for you – you are a true inspiration! Thank you so much, Laurie! I really appreciate your support of the blog and my decision! This post makes me so happy for you!! What a bold, wonderful move! CONGRATULATIONS!! I’m sure you will figure out and be successful at health coaching. Passion and dedication will pay off….enjoy the adventure! Ashley @ This is the Place recently posted…2014 – New Year, New Race Schedule! Thank you SO much, Ashley! I really appreciate your support. I’m so excited for the adventure!! I am so thrilled you took control of your life and left the job you were NOT happy with – even if this means not knowing where you’re going to go next!!!!! I cannot believe you had to fly every Monday. I am TERRIFIED OF FLYING so holy hot damn, I give you even MORE CREDIT!!!! I am so excited to see where life takes you! Thank you so much for your sweet comments, Gigi! I can’t wait to enjoy life more – like it looks like you are always doing :). I was never scared of flying, just didn’t enjoy it! Congratulations on making that leap! And yes I know it’s scary. I was thrown into the world of freelancing five years ago after I was laid off. I knew nothing about running my own business, yet here I am living in an expensive city (LA) and managing to do it. If you have a will, you find a way. Life is too short to not try something you are passionate about and just settle for something you’re not! Good luck, and I look forward to following your progress! Congratulations on finding your way, Tonya! That’s very inspiring! How do you usually find freelancing work? It’s definitely something I have considered trying to add in. I really appreciate your support!! Saw this when you posted it, but haven’t had a minute to sit down and type out my thoughts. I seriously had tears in my eyes as I read about your decision. You are such an incredible person, and this move will bring you so much happiness. Best wishes in you new endeavors, and please let us know how we can help things along for you! Robert, thank you so much. Your care and concern comes across in all your comments, and I really appreciate your support of the blog and this decision! I’m so excited for my next steps! I know it may not seem like it now, but you are such an inspiration! You are so strong and focused and great things lie ahead for you this year. I hope you find happiness in whatever you do. Thank you so much for your kind words, Christine. I really appreciate them!! I have a great feeling that this year will be a very happy one for me! I almost missed this big announcement – WOW & CONGRATULATIONS!! What a huge step in the right direction. If you have the ability to leave a job that’s not bringing you joy (and adding to the stress) and follow you passion, it’s something everyone should do. So proud of you for having the courage to act and do it! Excited to follow your journey this year! Thank you so much, Heather! I really appreciate your encouragement. It was scary, but I can already tell it was the right decision – I feel amazing, relieved, happy, and like a normal person again – I can actually think about something aside from work! I do appreciate that I have the ability to do this and feel very lucky for it! Thank you so much, Nithya! I appreciate your continued support so much! And I know we’ll keep in touch – I’ll be bugging you for more delicious Indian recipes, and I’ll be more than happy to reciprocate with tips for how to stay healthy while consulting. I know you’ll be amazing! I needed to read this!!! I am currently contemplating a leap career-wise and am scared out of my mind. Davida knows this! It’s nice to know I’m not alone. And I think you’d be SO GREAT at corporate wellness! I’m so glad it helped, Caitlin! If you ever want to chat about your decision, feel free to let me know and we can hop on the phone! I know that with an MBA there’s a lot of pressure to do more “traditional” jobs, but I hope your decision (whatever it is) makes you truly happy! Awesome! There is no better feeling than taking a leap of faith and discovering so many new things! Good luck! Thank you so much, Danny! Appreciate the wishes, and hope all is well with you! So excited for you! For me, walking away from crazy long hours (attorney at a big firm) was the best thing I did in my life for my marriage, my health and my happiness. I looked around me at people who ate dinner with me more than they did with their spouses and I knew it just wasn’t the life I wanted. It took 2 tries, but I found a job that I love with the same intellectual challenge and dinner with my husband almost every single night. TOTALLY worth walking away in that leap of faith, knowing there had to be something better for me out there. And I think you’ll love getting certified as a running coach — I found it awesome for my own running, and helping others was almost just a bonus! Thank you so much for this comment, Carina! It’s so nice to hear from someone who relates. Yes, I ABSOLUTELY spent more time with my colleagues than my husband – in fact every Valentine’s Day I would joke that I should gift my colleagues instead of my husband because I spent more nights in whatever city we were in than I did at home! Even though it sounds like an obvious decision to people who can’t imagine that lifestyle, it was still really hard to walk away. I’m so, so glad that you found the job that is perfect for
including the use of Software Development Models. Software development does not necessarily subsume the engineering paradigm ! Software Engineering is an engineering branch associated with development of software products; using well-defined scientific principles and methods. The outcome of Software Engineering is an efficient and reliable software product. Software Engineering cares also about all the phases of Software Design Life Cycle (SDLC) from requirement gathering and analysis to maintenance. It cares also about the Software Development Models. The generally accepted concepts of Software Engineering as an engineering discipline have been specified in the Guide to the Software Engineering Body of Knowledge (SWEBOK). The SWEBOK has become an internationally accepted standard ISO/IEC TR 19759:2005. Software Project Management is the art and science of planning and leading software projects. It encompasses among other elements all the phases of Software Design Life Cycle (SDLC) from requirement gathering and analysis to maintenance. It includes also the Software Development Models. If you have to develop a large and complex software project, it is recommended to apply methods and use the tools for Software Project Management in order to have a controlled and guided software development process. The tasks are carried out according to the used methodologies and in a specified period of time to achieve the intended software product. The basic purpose of the Software Development Models is to provide a smooth software development process, according to the project requirements. These models are frameworks, which are used to structure, plan and control the process of developing a software product. The Software Development Models are only concerned with the software development process, so it does not involve any technical aspect of developing the software product itself. All Software Development Models follow the SDLC phases (see next chapter), but the method of execution varies vastly between models. The The Software Design Life Cycle (SDLC) contains the phases in the life cycle of a software product. The SDLC phases are the “core” of software development. Usually you will apply the appropriate Software Development Model to the SDLC in order to have a smooth development of your software product. This phase is the main focus of the project managers and stake holders. It is critical to the success of the project. Expectations (whether of the client or your team) need to be fleshed out in great detail and documented. This is an iterative process with much communication taking place between stakeholders, end users and the project team. The choice of the appropriate Software Development Model like : Waterfall, Incremental, Agile, Spiral, etc is made in this phase. Technical design requirements are prepared in this phase by lead development staff that can include architects and lead developers. Technical details like database tables, transactions, security processes as well as hardware and system requirements are defined here. The choice of the programming paradigms and the programming language are made here. This phase is the actual coding by the development team. After each stage, the developer may demonstrate the work accomplished to the business analysts. Tweaks and enhancements may be required. This is normally the longest phase of the SDLC. The finished product is the input to the testing phase. Following the coding conventions helps to make code better understandable and easier to maintain. Once the application is migrated to a test environment, different types of testing will be performed including integration and system testing. User acceptance testing is the last part of testing and is performed by the end users to ensure the system meets their expectations. Once sign-off is obtained by all relevant parties, deployment can begin. The size of the project will determine the complexity of the deployment. Training may be required for end users, operations and the IT staff. Roll-out of the system may be performed in stages starting with one branch, then slowly adding all locations or it could be a full deployment. Once the customers starts using the developed system, the actual problems come up and need to be solved from time to time. This process is called maintenance. Refactoring is also a usual maintenance task. This chapter presents you some Tools and Methods for each SDLC phase. The HIPO (Hierarchical Input Process Output) diagram represents the hierarchy of modules in the software system. Analysts use HIPO diagram in order to obtain high-level view of system functions. It decomposes functions into sub-functions in a hierarchical manner. The Data Flow Diagram is a graphical representation of the flow of data in an information system. It is capable of depicting incoming data flow, outgoing data flow and stored data. The DFD does not mention anything about how data flows through the system. SADT has proven to be successful in the development of software systems, specifically in the requirements gathering phase. Structured Analysis and Design Technique (SADT) is a diagrammatic notation designed specifically to help people describe and understand systems. It offers building blocks to represent entities and activities and a variety of arrows to relate boxes. These boxes and arrows have an associated informal semantic. SADT can be used as a functional analysis tool of a given process, using successive levels of details. The Flowchart depicts the control flow in program modules. The Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a graphical language that gives a standard way to write a software system’s blueprint. It helps to visualize, specify, construct and document the artifacts of a software system. It is used to depict the structures and the relationships in a complex system. The Top-Down design (also called stepwise refinement) takes the whole software system as one entity and then decomposes it into sub-systems. Each sub-system, also called component, is then treated as a system and decomposed further. This process keeps on running until the lowest level of system in the top-down hierarchy is achieved. Pseudo Code is a non-formal language, a way to create a logical structure. It describes the actions, which will be executed by the application. Using Pseudo Code, the developer describes the application logic using his native language, without applying the structural rules of a specific programming language. Following a top-down design, the problem at hand is reduced into smaller and smaller subproblems, until only simple statements and control flow constructs remain. Nassi–Shneiderman Diagrams reflect this top-down decomposition in a straightforward way, using nested boxes to represent subproblems. Consistent with the philosophy of structured programming, Nassi–Shneiderman Diagrams have no representation for a GOTO statement. Nassi–Shneiderman Diagrams are only rarely used for formal programming. Their abstraction level is close to structured program code and modifications require the whole diagram to be redrawn. Jackson structured programming (JSP) is a method for structured programming based on correspondences between data stream structure and program structure. JSP structures programs and data in terms of sequences, iterations and selections. As a consequence it is applied when designing a program’s detailed control structure. The method applies to processing of any data structure or data stream that is describable as a hierarchical structure of sequential, optional and iterated elements. The Flowchart depicts flow of control in program modules. The Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a graphical language that gives a standard way to write a software system’s blueprint. It helps to visualize, specify, construct, and document the artifacts of a software system. It is used to depict the structures and the relationships in a complex system. Source Code Editors have built in functionalities to help the programmer to write the code more efficiently and error free. Libraries are pre-built code blocks you can use in your program. You don’t have to reinvent the wheel, so you can use libraries! Frameworks normally gather multiple libraries. Frameworks are reusable abstractions of code wrapped in a well-defined Application Programming Interface (API). An Integrated Development Environment (IDE) is a programming environment that typically consists of a source code editor, a compiler/interpreter, a debugger and other useful tools. Static Testing is a technique by which we can check for errors in software without actually executing it. Its counter-part is Dynamic Testing. Static testing is done to avoid errors at an early stage of development because it is easier to find sources of failures then failures themselves. Review is a way of static testing technique done before dynamic testing. Review is manual examination of the software product (including code) without execution of the software. Review is mostly a manual activity. Walk-Through is a form of peer review in which a programmer leads the review process. The other team members ask questions and spot possible errors against development standards and other issues. Dynamic Testing is done when the code is in operation mode. It is performed in runtime environment. When the code being executed with an input value, the result or the output of the code is checked and compared with the expected output. This allows to observe the functional behavior of the software and also to monitor the system memory, CPU response time and the performance of the system. Dynamic testing is also known as validation testing. A debugger is a computer program used by programmers to test and debug a target program. Debuggers may use instruction-set simulators, rather than running a program directly on the processor to achieve a higher level of control over its execution. This allows debuggers to stop the program according to specific conditions. An Integrated Development Environment (IDE) is a programming environment that consists of a source code editor, a compiler/interpreter, a debugger and other useful tools for testing software. Monitoring Software observes and tracks the operations and activities of users, applications and network services on a computer systems. This type of software provides a way to supervise the overall processes that are performed on a computing system and provides reporting services to the system and/or network administrator. The Cross Reference Generator assures that the changes in code are in compliance with the existing code. If a change is requested, this tool enables to know which other requirements, design and code components will be affected. Monitoring Software observes and tracks the operations and activities of users, applications and network services on a computer systems. This type of software provides a way to supervise the overall processes that are performed on a computing system and it provides reporting services to the system and/or network administrator. “Software Engineering” and “Software Project Management” are a kind of superstructure or umbrella for the software development process in order to have the maximum benefit
, who posted a photo of Trayvon Martin’s body with the brag “Z-man is a one man army” on social media, is now seeking to profit from Martin’s death and further bragging about his killing. “Depraved” doesn’t seem to be a strong enough word to describe this wretched punk. Agreed. By Torah law, one may not derive benefit from the gun. Yet this repulsive fellow is using it for his personal profit. Which law?! Don’t make up your own laws, and call them Torah laws. The only punk in this story was Martin, who did not hesitate pummeling without mercy, who was exhibiting a typical burglary casing behavior such as walking between houses in the middle of the night, who had numerous marijuana and violence texts and pictures on his phone, who was suspended from school for possessing marijuana, who had marijuana in his system at the time his death. Nothing like that 12 year old kid picture circulated by the communist media – in five years from that picture to his death, Martin has morphed into a menacing street criminal complete with a gold grill and a nasty attitude. He had candy in his pocket?-Are you insinuating that anyone with a candy is incapable of committing a violent crime?! 1) “Walking between houses in the middle of the night”. He was walking on footpaths that were meant for pedestrians – in other words doing nothing wrong whatsoever. Later he was running on footpaths to escape Zimmerman, because he was afraid of the stranger suspiciously following him. 2) “Marijuana in his system” – what does that have to do with anything? 3) Zimmerman refused to listen to the 911 dispatcher who told him to back off. Had he done so, a teenager who had done nothing wrong would have continued home, unharmed. 4) Zimmerman posted a picture of Martin’s body, bragging about the shooting. 5) Zimmerman followed another man into a parking lot and threatened to shoot him in a road rage incident. 6) He posted online filthy pictures of a woman he was angry at. 7) He pointed a shotgun at his girlfriend and threatened her. 8) He pointed a gun in his wife’s face and hit her father. Following the letter of the law, Zimmerman was acquired of the murder charge – it was legally self-defense, albeit against a scared teenager who attacked a stranger who was following him. However, Zimmerman is clearly a thuggish punk who has a history of threatening people with guns, especially wives and girlfriends. Oh, did I forget racist too? Yep, he’s posted several such those comments. You are the one admiring a violent street thug named Martin, complete with the gold grill(very popular with gang members), taking phone pictures of guns, texting with his friends about fights and drugs. Oh, did you forget about pummeling Zimmerman. Pummeling someone means mercilessly hitting another human being in the head until a traumatic brain injury or death. Someone in his first fight doesn’t have enough cruelty to just keep on hitting; it is very probable that Martin has done it before. Martin was walking in the middle of the night in a place where it wasn’t customary and was suspicious, especially in the face of recent burglaries. Marijuana may or may not be a safe drug, but it definitely is illegal, Martin was involved with it, which is another proof that Martin was not this 12 year old innocent candy-lover that the media tried so hard to portray. Regarding Zimmerman, all the character flaws are inferred from his alleged behavior after the severe psychological trauma of the Martin incident, after the media’s tarring and feathering to such an extent that Zimmerman’s public reputation and employment opportunities are ruined, after spending all of his family’s life savings to hire attorneys to defend against a typical governmental bullying tactic of prosecuting just for the purpose of prosecuting so that the target person buckles under pressure and takes a plea deal. Not even discussing the fact that most of your violent behavior by Zimmerman allegations are just words of other people without any physical proof; people, who may hate Zimmerman because of Martin or because of personal reasons, who understand very well the vulnerability of Zimmerman to allegations of violence, and it is no surprise that they may take advantage of the situation and hurt the man even further by their allegations. Regarding your feeble point of not listening to the 911 operator – Zimmerman was surveillancing from a distance until Martin went around and suddenly jumped Zimmerman; besides, gratefully, a citizen of this country doesn’t yet have to obey every Herr Bureaucrat on the other end of the phone line. Calling Zimmerman racist?!-There were no any proven racist statements attributable to Zimmerman; the only racists in this story were Obama and the rest of the fascist socialists, who could not care less about the horrible epidemic of black people being shot by other black people or by Latinos, but getting all righteously angry because this particular Latino happened to have a Jewish last name of Zimmerman. More lies, distortions and flat-out ridiculous conjecture, both in defense of Zimmerman, an unrepentant punk and attacking Martin, his victim. 1) You are the one admiring a violent street thug named Martin… A lie. Actually two lies; Lie #1: No one “admired” him or said he was a good guy; if anything the opposite was said when saying Zimmerman’s acquittal was legally just. Lie #2: “Violent Street Thug”? Would this be Martin with zero arrests? Or Zimmerman, who had a previous arrest for attacking a cop and a previous restraining order placed by his girlfriend? 2) You “forgive” every single one of Zimmerman’s subsequent violent incidents, including those where guns and death-threats are used, because of “psychological trauma” caused by his arrest and trial in the Martin case? He now has a lifetime get-out-of-jail-free card because of that arrest? Are you insane? 3) “…a citizen of this country doesn’t yet have to obey every Herr Bureaucrat on the other end of the phone line.” Saying that Zimmerman should’ve listened to the 911 operator is the equivalent of Nazism? Once again, are you insane? Your post is so riddled with idiocies (do you even know what “inferred” means? are you aware of Zimmerman raising a large amount of money, then illegally lying in court about it?) that only a few of them are addressed here. But hey, keep defending this creep even after his next domestic violence episode(s); nothing is his fault. 1 So now you get all angry when accused of admiring Martin, while it was you who first accused me of admiring Zimmerman; typical liberal hypocrisy. You lied: Zimmerman had no arrests prior to the Martin incident, while Martin got kicked out of school for being involved with drugs and violence. 2 Try to take a course in reading comprehension, as you missed my point that Zimmerman at the time of the incident was a good boy, while Martin was bad, involved with gang lifestyle, violence and drugs. Whatever Zimmerman allegedly turned into after the incident, has no relevance to assessing his character at the incident. 3 So do we have to obey every gubmit employee or do we have constitutional rights?! Please answer, Herr Kommandant!!! 4 So can you bring an actual instance of Zimmerman’s racist statements?-Muslim is a religion, not a race, and you have no other racist statements by Zimmerman, so here you lie again. As for you referring to my post as riddled with idiocies, I won’t argue with an apparent expert, as it takes one to know one. I have made all my points, some multiple times, and will not further reply to your ignorance and lies. PS please look up inferred in a Webster’s dictionary. 1) You are a liar and/or don’t know what you’re talking about. Zimmerman was arrested in 2005, several years before he shot Martin. He also had a restraining order filed against him in 2005 for domestic violence. 2) Martin was suspended from school three times, not “kicked out”, i.e. expelled. His suspensions were for graffiti and marijuana. “Gang lifestyle”? Pretty wimpy gang. Violence? Another lie. Drugs? Marijuana. 3) “Herr Kommandant!!!” You love calling people you disagree with “Nazis”, don’t you? What a sicko. 4) Trying to play semantic games by saying a bigot isn’t a racist? First of all, bigots are usually called racists too, whether their bigotry is religious or race based. Second of all, he is clearly a vile bigot, so I’m not sure what you’re trying to prove – that he’s “only” a bigot but not a racist? Third of all, he called President Obama an “ignorant baboon” in a post, so there’s your racist statement. 5) When someone commits domestic violence against several different women over the years, including threatening some with guns, fights with a cop, follows another motorist into a parking lot and threatens to kill him, and several other incidents, character flaws aren’t “inferred”. Look up what the word means. Here’s a hint – we don’t “infer” that the sun rises in the East. This pistol fetched such a high price because people understand its meaning as a symbol of freedom: it didn’t just save a life(and there can be no freedom when people are petrified of street gangsters) of one individual from a violent bully, it also symbolizes a court victory of an individual against a bullying federal government which tried to railroad an innocent man for political reasons. The bidders understand, and they put their dollars where their appreciation for freedom is. Will this cause riots?-Not in a state where people are armed and able to defend themselves. The street thugs attack those who look like
nobody teaches morality from the false characterisation of God you give. God is an omni-benevolent, morally perfect being according to scripture and you’d do well to discard the false picture of the Christian view of God you have. Here is my response, point-by-point, to the Humanist ethic communicated in the Amsterdam Declaration 2002. There is much here that the Christian can find in common with the humanist, but I think the question is which ethic (Christian or Humanist) provides a better account for our shared understanding of moral duties, values and accountabilities? Also, insofar as Humanism implies naturalism, humanism is deeply incoherent as I shall show. The ‘long tradition’ that stretches all the way back to 1952, the first World Humanist Congress. Facts are however, the ‘many great thinkers and artists’ that humanism can legitimately claim drown in the influence made by Christianity. In thought and art it is undeniably how Christianity far out-weighs any paltry offering humanism makes. If humanism can sustain the practice of science is a discussion for another time, but the thought that Humanism gave rise to science itself is laughable. Only Christianity provides an epistemological foundation for scientists seeking to make sense of the universe, and almost every major field of science was founded by a Christian, working specifically from a Christian worldview. Just consider these few scientists who were Christians; Isaac Newton, the father of modern physics; William Turner, the father of English botany; Johannes Kepler, the planetary laws of motion; Galileo Galilei, the father of modern astronomy; Rene Descartes, philosopher and mathematician; Blaise Pascal, physicist and mathematician who defended the scientific method; Robert Boyle, the first modern chemist; Louis Pasteur, inventor of the pasteurization method; Gregor Mendel, the father of modern genetics; Lord Kelvin, important in Thermodynamics; Max Planck, the founder of Quantum mechanics, and the list goes on. Humanism provides no metaethical foundation for it’s ethical system. Why is a metaethical foundation necessary? One is apt to ask why the human has worth, dignity and autonomy. To finally come to rest the foundations of a morality on the worth of a human is ad hoc. Especially after the humanist’s naturalistic view of evolution makes men into mere animals. Evolution is the great leveller. What’s so special about humans on naturalism? We’re just fortunate sacks of molecules in motion that have survived against the odds by tooth and claw. On Christian theism humans are created by God in His image. This gives us inalienable rights, guarantees the right of personal freedom of choice, as well as deep significance and meaning to life. Moreover, God expresses our worth in His eyes when he showed his love by giving His only son as a sacrifice to pay our sin-debt and conquer death on our behalf. He spared not his only son for us. You see how Christianity gives a substantiated reason for its assertions of worth and dignity, but how humanism cannot? This self-affirmation is astonishingly presumptuous. There is no argument here: only assertions and declarations of belief, more akin to blind faith than science and reason. Still the Christian can agree that human thought and action are for solving the worlds problems and that the application of science and free inquiry should promote human welfare. We can agree to use science creatively and not destructively, but we’re not likely to condemn the scientist who researches dynamite to pull down an old building safely, or to minimise collateral damage during justified warfare. On the Christian view God gave humans a mind to think and engage with the world as it is. On naturalism the mind is a physiological response to stimuli, socio-cultuarl pressures and evolutionary development. It is therefore tuned for survival and not for the apprehension of truth or rationality. It is hard to see why humanism is rational given naturalism. There are few questions that must be asked, like who determines the ‘human values’ that temper the application of science and technology? Is it Hitler, Hefner, the Humanist or the Holy Spirit? Is it science itself, and if so doesn’t it work out that science proposes the means and the ends? If so, was Hitler rational at the time to propose and carry out his ‘Final Solution?’ After all, that was in accord by the evolutionary science being propounded in his day; was supposedly for the betterment of human welfare; and was then the human value system in vogue. At Nuremberg it was quickly realised to condemn these Nazi war criminals there needed to be a standard that stood above human and societal values, and the only values they could find to do that were rooted in God. The need for such a transcendent absolute, or law above the law, can be illustrated by what happened at the Nuremberg Trials of World War II criminals. Those accused appealed to the fact that they were only obeying the laws of their own culture, and that they were not legally responsible to any other. Faced with this argument, Robert H. Jackson, Chief Counsel for the United States, appealed to permanent values and moral standards that transcended life-styles, particular societies, and individual nations. While he was not necessarily appealing to biblical norms in this trial, the situation illustrates the need for a transcendent basis for moral values. For example, God’s commandment against murder was not just for the Jew. It transcends culture, and it transcends generations. Murder is as wrong today as it was in the Old Testament. Christian ethics escape this problem of cultural relativity because it is based upon the nature of God. Good is what God wills in accordance with His nature (see Mark 10:18). God provides the moral patterns which apply to all human behavior. Also, who is it that diagnoses the ‘world’s problems?’ Is it the humanist? The smartest? The most popular? the strongest? The bible says that the major problem with this world is sin, and there is little hope for man’s efforts to rectify that problem. Sin (defined often as failure to meet God’s perfect standard, or imperfection, or breaking God’s law) is symptomatic system-wide, and the evidence for that is clear. Only a divine solution and intervention can save us from that ultimate problem. On Christianity the solutions to the worlds problems lie in human thought and action as well as divine intervention. God also determines to use mostly use people as his agents on earth. Woe to the humanist if God exists and he/she rejects divine intervention. Human rights are declared to be universal rights. That is they stand above all nation’s laws for all times and all places for all people. This statement is like eating white-froth if you consider the next fundamental’s (4) claim to be undogmatic and imposing no creed upon its adherents. Christianity however provides something substantive for the table. Universal human rights were developed by the founding fathers of America from their understanding of the scriptures. In Christopher Hitchen’s words Thomas Jefferson was a deist with atheistic tendencies. However, when it came to finding a ground for unalienable Rights, he pointed to the sky and said “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.”2 The abolition of slavery was a practical out-working of this same understanding from scripture: that all men are created equal.) The Bible even gives justification for democracy also, but at the moment I’m not prepared to support that contention.) Both groups of people were smart enough to recognise that if human rights are given to a human by another human, they can be taken away again. If human rights are given by God, then no man can take them away. They become inalienable and truly universal. Humanism lacks a model of what it means to be the fullest development of a human being. On Christianity it is clear the model is Jesus. On Humanism it can only be subjective and relative. What if the fullest possible development of the human being is Hitler? You might say that he did not support democracy, but then you’d be forgetting that Hitler was the legitimate democratically elected official of that nation. You might say that Hitler was wrong because the humanist ethic is based upon understanding and support for others, but then you’d be forgetting that Hitler deeply cared for Germany and to carry out his atrocious acts all that he needed to do was create a culture that dehumanised Jews, Blacks, Homosexuals, the handy-capped, etc. How do you decry the wicked man who says he is only becoming ‘the fullest possible development of what it means to be human,’ if he has radically changed what it means to be human. Humanism lacks a definition of what it means to be human, but Christianity has a ready anthropological definition grounded in its own basic theology. If a person is responsible to society, then what happens when society tells you to do something that is objectively wrong, like slaughter Jews wholesale (Nazi Germany), or force husbands to watch as their pregnant wives are split open by sabres so their unborn children fall to the ground to be crushed underfoot (Saddam Hussein’s Iraq), or taking unwanted new-borns and dashing them on rocks (ancient Greeks). The list of examples is appalling in its length and brutality, but it is already clear that responsibility to society is an insufficient ethic to build a world on. There needs to be some transcendent standard above society and humanity. Christianity provides that by revealing a morally perfect transcendent God as the standard. “Humanism is undogmatic, imposing no creed upon its adherants.” This is self-referentially incoherant. It is dogmatic in being undogmatic. It is thus really rich when it concludes that humanism is committed
: Clear your schedule…you’re going to want to spend all day soaking up the sun on the gorgeous deck with multiple levels, tiki hut and lounge chairs. Splash down in the plunge pool to cool off with the waves of the Pacific rolling in the background. 3. Quiet Condo Complex: Part of the intimate Poipu Palms community, the condo is one of 12 and sits on the top floor for privacy, peace and quiet. Gather up the beach chairs, umbrellas and sand toys and walk the 10 minutes down to pretty Poipu Beach. If you’ve got enough stuff for an army, pack up the car instead and make the quick 2-minute drive. If you want to get the blood pumping, hike the Maha'ulepu Heritage Trail, which is chock full of amazing photo stops perfect for Instagramming. Adrenaline junkies will love zip lining, aerial obstacle courses and a wide variety of watersports. The building from the street view looks a little dated. The unit itself is very nice. It is updated and fresh. Very clean. The rear wood deck is beautiful tropical hard wood.The view is spectacular. You feel like you are on the water. --- Mahalo, Ben! Balkony, Location, Pool and View are wonderful! Apartment could have been cleaner, still we had a very nice stay! Poipu Palms 302 is just as advertised - lovely views out into a cove (we watched a lot of sea turtles and even saw a few spinner dolphins passing through). There are effectively two suites, which gave us plenty of room to spread out and would give two couples enough privacy. The lanai and living room were wonderful places to relax. An easy walk (0.5 mi) to the Grand Hyatt (several restaurants and a beach) or Brenneckes Bar (laid back) and beach-front park. Everything was clean and the kitchen had everything we needed for breakfast, lunches or a simple dinner. The condo was in a quiet area - no noisy neighbors and (somehow!) none of the roosters Kauai is infamous for. GVR is great to work with - very responsive and helped with a few special requests. My friend had a medical emergency the day after we arrived, and my attempts to reach 911 didn't work; I'm not sure why. Not knowing what else to do, I called the GVR office to explain what was happening, and Janie (I think it was Janie) stayed on the line with me while contacting the paramedic squad. Within 5 minutes, the emt crew was there, and shortly after that, Mark arrived to ask if there was anything he or GVR could do. That gesture meant a great deal. He stayed for at least half an hour, to make sure we were OK. Thank goodness my friend recovered and we were able to enjoy the rest of our vacation. Everyone at GVR was so friendly and helpful, and genuinely interested in making our stay a pleasant one. MANAGER RESPONSE: We are so glad that everything worked out for your friend. What a scary experience! Glad we could help in anyway possible. We hope to see you again! We enjoyed everything about the property! The location is superb; the amenities (including the wonderful-smelling toiletries!) are great. Having dishwasher detergent and Tide pods supplied was a plus. The lovely dishes added so much ambiance with their colorful fish and ocean design. The balcony was perfectly situated to allow the best ocean view, and we spent many relaxing hours there, just watching the waves come and go. Very peaceful and quiet! MANAGER RESPONSE: Mahalo! We hope to see you again soon! Very impressed. Bruce was my "goto" guy and was very attentive and responsive. We had one issue that was NOT related to the property itself or GVR but a different property manager on a unit below ours. I contacted Bruce and he instantly got things resolved and came up with a resolution. It was over and beyond what I expected. This property is very well equipped with little amenities that made it very special. The furnishings and condition of this rental is extremely nice. It will be a great pleasure to any and all who stay here. Our stay at Puipo Palms was great! The location was unbeatable with awesome views. The pool, though small, was never crowded and has beautiful ocean views. You could hear and see the waves crashing (and sea turtles swimming!) right from the patio. The beach was an easy 5 minute drive with easy parking or 10-15 minute walk. The beach was great for snorkeling (we even swam with sea turtles and saw the monk seals playing in the water 20 feet from us!) The waves can be intense but this beach is well protected and great for kiddos though not crowded. Breneckes restaurant right across the street had the best lunch and drinks! There are plenty of shops and other restaurants another 5 minutes down the road. The only complaint we had is that one of the beds is so firm we opted to sleep on the couch instead. The other bed, though softer, squeaked and sagged a little. We informed the hosts and they came out and looked at them. They did some adjusting to the bed that squeaked and we didn't have any trouble after that but we still didn't sleep on the firm one. If you're looking for a place to stay with awesome beds, this might not be the one for you. The internet was also a little spotty if you had more than a couple devices connected. Otherwise the apartment was clean and the kitchen was well stocked, complete with a blender. The only thing we were missing was a coffee grinder and they brought us one right away when we asked. They provide a list of farmers markets to attend and great reference books for what to do on the island. We would definitely stay in Poipu again! Lovely stay. We had a great surprise when we saw the pool. You should promote it in the property description. The view is unbelievable! we saw dolphins and sea turtle right out the balcony. Never actually spoke to them personally, just emailing back and forth. Great response from everyone with answers to my questions, etc. And I asked about a possible early check in because we were going to arrive early- I was about to call and actually got a text that it was ready. Great timing!! Beautiful spot, close to the beach and short drive to shopping/restaurants. Nice and clean and well stocked with everything you need. Great lanai to just sit and watch the ocean. Very comfortable beds and lots of room. Lots of fans and the set up of the windows lets the air move around the condo nicely- never got hot inside! Pool area was adequate- not a large pool, but nice to take a dip in -I'd rather be at the beach anyway ;) Overall excellent stay!! Great location and price. Right on the water and right up the street from Poipu beach. Had everything you needed in a rental and was very comfortable. GVR was great at communicating check in info and making sure we had everything we needed. Highly recommend staying here. Excellent stay with all amenities included. Lots of kitchen utensils and beach gear, the staff have definitely thought of everything so you can have a worry-free vacation and feel at home. Each team member was extremely helpful. They answered all of my questions promptly and with a positive attitude. They were all very friendly. As always, our stay in Poipu Palms was excellent. We enjoyed the beautiful views and the great condo. We were impressed with the amenities available such as shampoos, conditions, soap (which smelled wonderful), toilet paper, paper towels, etc. The staff was extremely helpful with making sure we had everything we needed and were comfortable. This was our first trip with our daughter (she is 1) and this area was perfect. We were able to have a pak n play delivered to use before we even arrived, enjoyed taking her to the newly remodeled pool area which was great and was even able to do a late checkout which was so very helpful with hour daughter. I enjoyed the welcoming and departing text messages-very thoughtful!!! We will be back soon :) MANAGER'S RESPONSE: I am so glad that you enjoyed your stay with us. Our goal is to be sure our guests are enjoying themselves while staying with us. I hope you get an opportunity to come back and stay with us again someday -- and bring you daughter!!! This team was amazing. I tend to have a lot of questions and want to make sure every box is checked, and sometimes rechecked. They were so helpful and always responded in a timely manor. I loved that they texted me as soon as we landed that our condo was ready for us to check in and to let me know what number to contact if I had any more questions. MANAGER RESPONSE: Mahalo for your review! So happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay. Also, it i nice to hear that our texting service is helpful. It is sort of new for us and we love it! Hope to see you again soon. This property was fantastic! its a small 12 unit complex so we never felt like there were too many people around. The unit was perfect for us and had everything we needed to make us feel like we were at home. We loved laying by the pool at the end of the day and watching the turtles below. The one thing I would like to mention is that the grill is a charcoal grill and the coals were sometimes hard to keep lit due to the breeze. There is also no cover for it so it takes a little longer for somethings to cook. They were always really nice and got back to me within a reasonable amount of time. The unit number they originally sent me was not accurate but once I called they were easily able to figure it out and everything went perfectly after that. The view was fantastic. We were able to see a whale spouting as well
are not many people on the train. They are sitting in threes and twos, wearing a western suit, like office workers. The moment the train starts moving, these guys suddenly stand up. After which the door to the other carriage open as rows of guys in black western suits enters. Liu Hongxian and Liu Yi cannot help but looks over. Liu Hongxian knit her eyebrows and says softly, "They do not come with good intent." "Seeing their attire, they seem to be people from Yamaguchi Group." Before coming to j.a.pan Liu Yi had done his homework and recognizes them just by seeing their attire. A guy who had lost sight of one of his eye pulls open his suit and glares at Liu Yi fiercely as he says, "It must be you, this stinky fellow, right! To actually dare to s.n.a.t.c.h my young master's woman! Today if I do not make you bleed then you would not know who you cannot provoke!" "Don't make it too messy." Liu Hongxian infers what had happened thus she orders Liu Yi, "If it gets too messy it will be hard to conclude it." "I know leader. Leave it to me!" Liu Yi nods his head and flips his hand revealing a black dagger and points at those Yamaguchi people fiercely. "All of you don't come over, I have a knife! Whoever who comes over shall bleed!" The moment he speaks the people from Yamaguchi Group start moving. The one at the back opens his suitcase and pulls out katanas and tossed to his people. Very quickly every single one of the Yamaguchi Group people is holding a katana each as they sneer at Liu Yi. Liu Yi looks at those katana before looking at his own finger long dagger. He suddenly feels like he got bullied! The one eye guy laughs, "Do you think that this small fellow would be able to scare us from Yamaguchi Group? Let me show you what is called the number 1 power in j.a.pan!" "Idiot…you actually got defeated by others!" Liu Hongxian is also mad, "Go and win it back!" At this moment she is also no longer calm. How can us China people be looked down by the j.a.panese! Liu Yi also understands what does Liu Hongxian mean. He immediately grabs the steel pipe at the side and holds it in his hand. "What does this fellow want to do?" "Why did he grab the steel pipe for?" The Yamaguchi group of people does not understand what Liu Yi is trying to do. At this moment Liu Yi let out a weird cry and his hand trembles. With a dang, he snapped the steel pipe into two! "This….this is not possible right…" The people from Yamaguchi Group are shocked as their eyes nearly pop out. Even Liu Hongxian herself also swallows her saliva. This Liu Yi….his strength is really d.a.m.n scary! This fellow is too fierce already….just what on earth is this No 7 department ah, to actually have such a monster! Liu Yi's might scared those Yamaguchi people. A little brother says with a slight tremble, "Big, big brother, what to do?" "What, what else can we do, attack!" The one eye guy thicken his face and says, "Cannot throw away the face of our Yamaguchi Group!" The Yamaguchi Group people turn fierce as they shout while charging towards Liu Yi with their katana. Liu Yi smiles as he starts swinging the nearly two-meter steel pipe around. From far away it is like Liu Yi is waving about a steel dragon! Two of the Yamaguchi Group people had already charged in front of Liu Yi. Their raised katana chops down towards Liu Yi. Liu Yi directly tossed the steel pipe in his hands out smas.h.i.+ng into those two guys' nose. Instantly the two of them start bleeding from their nose and collapse onto the ground. At the same time, Liu Yi takes a step forward and grab the steel pipes and block the katanas of those people behind. Sparks immediately fly out from steel pipes. Liu Yi raises a leg and kicks one of them, sending him cras.h.i.+ng into two other people. The silver steel pipes in his hands are utilized like a silver barrier as it keeps cras.h.i.+ng into the people in front. At that instant, he is like a war G.o.d and no one is able to get a meter within him. A little brother had withdrawn to the side of the one eye guy. Seeing how his buddies got put down by Liu Yi and lying on the ground, he starts saying with fear, "Big brother….this, this fellow got training before!" "What are you afraid of, attack!" The one-eyed guy kicks him in his b.u.t.t, sending him forward. That little brother lets out a weird cry and charges at Liu Yi. Liu Yi placed the steel pipe on the ground before supporting himself with the pipe. His body flies up as his legs kick that little brother in his face causing him to collapse. "You, you fellow….just who on earth are you…" Seeing how fierce Liu Yi is, the one eye guy finally knows fear as he starts trembling. He is almost unable to hold the katana in his hand properly. "I am only a teacher." Liu Yi swings out with the steel pipe in his hand and knocks out a person who is lying on the ground preparing to sneak attack him. After which he narrows his eyes and looks at the one eye guy and says, "But do not look down on teacher." The one eye guy knows that if he goes back like this, he will definitely be scolded by the higher-ups. He turns ruthless and clenches his teeth before charging towards Liu Yi. While Liu Yi raises his leg and kicks the steel pipe in his hand up. The steel pipe shoots upwards and knocks out the one-eyed guy. Liu Yi dust off his hands before turning around, preparing to give Liu Hongxian a victory sign. At this moment he is shocked to realize that a few Yamaguchi members had actually climbed to their feet and charge towards Liu Hongxian shamelessly. Liu Hongxian snorts and raises her legs before kicking out a few times and easily kicks them down onto the ground. Her actions are very clean and beautiful. Furthermore, she is a beauty as well as possess a graceful sense of beauty. Especially when her tights open up, this kind of beautiful legs turn into a weapon. Very beautiful and ample! That pair of high heels are like weapons causing those that were kicked to cry out in pain. One of the guys kneel down on the ground and plans to grab a fallen katana. Liu Hongxian raises her leg and fiercely stomp down on that guy's hand. Her high heels basically pierce through that guy's palm. As the eye-piercing shriek resounds throughout the carriage, Liu Yi hears the sound of bones breaking. He silently observed a moment of silence for that fellow, Liu Hongxian this girl….she is the one who asks me not to make it into a big problem but her actions are even more ruthless than mine! "Hmph, this is the result of looking down on women." Liu Hongxian withdraws her leg and placed it back down. Suddenly her leg trembles and let out a shriek and nearly collapsed onto the ground. Liu Yi G.o.d a shock, could it be that got secretly injured during the fight? Liu Hongxian scowls miserably and points at her right leg. What the, that high seems does not seem to be good quality goods. Currently, it is already snapped! Perhaps it is this fellow who caused her to sprain her legs. Although I really do not wish to be weak in front of him, but currently it is really painful. Perhaps I had sprained my bones as my ankle is already swollen. "I say ah you, you are wearing high heels what are you fighting for. You think that you are a Hollywood female star, is it!" Liu Yi is very helpless as he walks over and supports Liu Hongxian to a seat nearby. He also squats down and touches her ankle. "What, what are you doing, you pervert!" "Less nonsense, I am checking your injury!" Liu Yi berates making Liu Hongxian who still wish to scold a few sentences obediently shut up. Liu Yi does not know that his beautiful superior is currently having strange thoughts. He checks her ankle injury and lets out a breath of relief before saying, "Nothing major, you only sprained your ankle. Perhaps it will be swollen for a few days." "d.a.m.n it…I bought these high heels from Taobao…..it definitely must be a fake good! I am going to give it a poor evaluation!" "Sweat, in the future wear lesser high heels. It is not like you are short so there is no need for you to wear high heels." "What do you know, girls do not wear high heels just to be tall." "Then what is it for?" "For beauty and for more self-confidence!" Liu Yi becomes speechless, a pair of high heels is actually able to give female confidence…really is nonsense! Sometimes, I am really unable to understand what a girl is thinking! Liu Hongxian who originally wish to say something suddenly trembles and shout out in shock, "Ah, ah….ah….what, what do you want to do…." You're reading novel Mai Kitsune Waifu Chapter 635 online at LightNovelFree.com. You can use the follow function to bookmark your favorite novel ( Only for registered users ). If you find any errors ( broken links, can't load photos, etc.. ), Please let us know so we can fix it as soon as possible. And when you start a conversation
in business models to potentially benefit business outcomes. The use of electronic mechanisms, tools, and resources influences group processes and outcomes. Furthermore, the benefits or limitations of virtual teams can also be evident in project management implementation and outcomes. Through this research I will analyze and discuss how virtual teams face a variety of challenges; however the most critical challenge in my opinion is that of effective management and constructive leadership. Furthermore this paper will investigate if in a virtual team there is relational development dilemma which remains a difficult aspect of team success. The fact that virtual teams “are geographically and/or temporally dispersed and are brought together by information and communication technologies” (Beise, Carte, Chidambaram, & Vician, 2010) does not mean that the relational development of the team cannot be successful. I will find through this research if indeed virtual teams are more focused on the actual task at hand and less interested in development of relationships that are common with face to face interactions. Essentially this social exchange within the context of information systems suggests that “using face to face meetings or richer media in the early stages of virtual team development may foster closer interpersonal relationships” (Beise, Carte, Chidambaram, & Vician, 2010). If we analyze the virtual teams and project management interaction styles we come to find that “interaction style has been shown to have a great effect on conventional work teams’ ability to achieve solution quality and solution acceptance” (Balthazard, Potter, & Warren, 2004). Due to advanced communication technologies, globalization and outsourcing most of the project management teams are based on groups of individuals called virtual teams who work across time and space using communication technologies. Members of virtual teams may be employees of same company from same country, or they can be contractors, suppliers and company employees around the globe. Managing projects using virtual teams have some advantages and disadvantages. Also several studies have been done to try to determine the factors that are positively co-related to the effectiveness of virtual teams (Schwalbe, 2011). To manage virtual teams successfully in project management, the project manager must manage these factors successfully and also minimize the impact of disadvantages. This paper discusses the advantages and disadvantages of the virtual teams in project management and outlines the factors that are positively correlated to the success of projects based on virtual teams. The paper also outlines some of the recommendations to successfully manage the virtual team in information technology projects. Globalization, outsourcing, virtual teams, video conferencing, telecommuting, Project Management, Trust and relationship, Advantages of Virtual teams, Disadvantages of virtual team. Imagine that you are a project manager in a multinational organization and managing a project to upgrade the server operating system and your team members are from different countries with different cultures and working in different time zones. To complete the project successfully that is based on virtual teams, project manager must understand the advantages and disadvantages of managing virtual teams and factors that positively affect the team members. Today most of the project management teams are based on virtual teams whose members work across time and space using communication technologies and project managers cannot rely on previous methods of project team management where they were able to build trust between team member by social interaction, face-to-face meetings, and direct observations of fellow team member commitment. (Kirkman, Rosen, Gibson, Tesluk, & McPherson, 2002). Virtual teams do have some advantages and disadvantages. Some of the advantages outlined by Kathy Schwalbe are: 24/7 availability of workers increasing competiveness and responsiveness, lowering the cost of project as many virtual team members do not need office space and support, providing more flexibility and expertise as project managers have access to the talent around the globe and increasing the work/life balance for team members by eliminating fixed office hours and the need to travel to work. (Schwalbe, 2011). Radostina K. Purvanova reviewed experimental literature and emerging field research on virtual teams. Author compared the “results from both type of literature and found that experimental literature has largely reported negative results for virtual teams, whereas ﬁeld investigations and case studies of real virtual teams employed by business organizations report positive outcomes for virtual teams.” (Purvanova, Feb 2014) According to the article although results reported by experimental versus field studies are quite different, author concludes that both literatures have revealed negative attitudes toward virtual communication media. The biggest advantage of virtual team enjoyed by an organization is the associated cost savings. The organization can save huge expenses on real estate, office spaces, utility bills such as gas, electricity, water etc. and executive’s travel. Team members can work from anywhere and anytime of the day. They can choose the place they work based on the mood and the comfort. You can recruit people for their skills and suitability to the job. The location does not matter. There is no time and money wasted for commuting and clothing. Physical handicaps are not an issue. Another advantage is the labour laws, some organizations prefer to have virtual teams because of strict local labour laws. Since the members span the time zones, there could be different team working on the same project 24/7, so when one member sleeps there will be another one somewhere else who would start work where the former had left. This shortens the product development time as well as faster response time to demands in both global and local markets. Since team members do not frequently meet or do not meet at all, the teamwork spirit may not be present. Some people prefer to be in a physical office when working. These people will be less productive in virtual environments. To work for virtual teams, individuals need to have a lot of self-discipline. If the individual is not disciplined, he or she may be less productive. The cultural difference between the members of virtual teams gives rise to number of conflicts. For example, while an employee from one part of the world would write a straightforward email describing a bad situation; this would be perceived as impolite by a member of the team from other part of the world. This would lead to conflicts, mistrust and difficulties in fruitful collaboration which is so vital for the success of virtual team functioning. These challenges are also precipitated by the absence of non-verbal cues so intrinsic to face-to-face interactions. Many members of virtual teams are adversely affected by the lack of physical interactions. Most of the communications in virtual environment is task-oriented. In today’s society where job is an important social force for most of us because many of our workplace colleagues also constitute our close friends, this gives a not-so-good feeling of social isolation. This in turn counter-effects productivity as well as leads to stress. In the virtual environment, it is better to communicate, clarify, and confirm everything to make sure that all members have the same understanding about the task at hand. This produces of ton of paperwork and files that could quickly fill your archives. Since team members are not communicating face to face, constructive team and individual feedback early and often becomes more important and if managed properly can avoid many problems before hand. Trust between team members and project leader is an important factor that can affect the performance of team members. One important way to build trust between team members is effective communication. The more they communicate with each other and with project more they build the trust. Well defined and documented team process also important which saves a lot of time for especially new team members to find answers to their questions related to policies and procedures. Organizations such as IBM, Microsoft, Whirlpool as well as SMEs are reaping the benefits of virtual teams for some time now. It has been a well-recognized fact that virtual team is not a passing tide but it is here to stay. Virtual teams are rising in numbers nowadays and even small technology companies are now adapting virtual team practice for recruiting the best people from all over the globe and reduce the cost. As outlined in previous sections, virtual teams do have advantaged and some disadvantages as well. To benefit from advantages and to minimize the impact of disadvantages a project manager can focus on factors that positively affect the virtual team’s performance. As indicated by previous researchers, increase in trust, comfort level and communication effectiveness leads to better project success. All of the above discussed disadvantages can be overcome by following a different leadership approach, trainings, greater role clarity and effective communication strategies. Also earlier discussed factors that affect virtual teams, if managed properly can result in a successful project. In addition, the companies using virtual teams can minimize their operating costs and maximize the profit margins. Additionally, the employees working in virtual teams are at advantages when it comes to working in their own home, own time, and reduction of commuting costs. Therefore, organizations should look into setting up virtual teams for different tasks whenever possible. To reap the benefits of virtual teams in projects and minimize the impact of disadvantages virtual team managers should manage the outlined factors properly and should also follow best practices outlined in next section. When running virtual teams, some of the best practices include: An instant messaging program can be used to create a sense of presence amongst members of the team. Chat is a good way to have side conversations during meetings to gain consensus, confirm understanding or ask questions. Quick questions can be asked through instant messenger as a substitute for popping into someone’s cubicle. Services for syncing files, bug tracking, project management, source control, web conferencing, conference calls, screen recording, usability testing and so on. Kirkman, B., Rosen, B., Gibson, C., Tesluk, P., & McPherson, S. (2002). Five challenges to virtual team success: Lessons from Sabre, Inc. Academy of Management Executive, 67-79; 13p. Leonard, B. (2011, June 1). Managing Virtual Teams . HR Magazine. Purvanova, R. K. (Feb 2014). Face-to-face versus virtual teams: What have we really learned? The Psychologist-Manager Journal, 2-29. Sarker1, S
loss of the Providence Steam Roller, Cleveland Indians and Frankford Yellow Jackets dropped league membership to eight teams, the lowest in NFL history; the league also had eight teams in 1943 due to World War II. Although the Green Bay Packers finished the season with 10 wins, the league title was determined at the time by winning percentage with ties excluded, so the Portsmouth Spartans and the Chicago Bears finished the season tied for first place (6–1). Since both games between the teams ended in ties, the NFL arranged for the first ever playoff game to determine the NFL champion. Extremely cold weather forced the game to be moved from Wrigley Field to the indoor Chicago Stadium. The makeshift football field in the stadium was only 80 yards long with undersized endzones, forcing officials to move the goal posts to the goal line due to a lack of space to put them at the back of the end zone, as was standard in college and professional football. This change was favored by players and fans, and the goal posts were moved to the goal line as one of several rule changes the league made in 1933, with the rule lasting until 1973. The Bears won the playoff game 9–0, which was scoreless until the fourth quarter, and as the game counted in the final standings, the Spartans finished in third place. The Spartans became the Detroit Lions in 1934. Because the Portsmouth Spartans and the Chicago Bears finished the season tied for first place, a playoff game was held to determine the NFL champion. The league decreased to eight teams in 1932. Following the 1932 season, the NFL would be split into two divisions (later two conferences), with the champions of each meeting in a championship game. This was the result of the end of the 1932 season, where there was a tie for first in the standings at the end of the regular season: as tied games did not count until 1972, the Spartans record of 6–1–4 and the Bears record of 6–1–6 were taken to be six wins, one loss, giving both an .857 win percentage. Had pure win-loss differential or the current (post-1972) system of counting ties as half a win, half a loss been in place in 1932, the Packers' record of 10–3–1 (.750, +7) would have won them a fourth consecutive championship, ahead of the Spartans' 6–1–4 (.727, +5) and the Bears' 6–1–6 (.692, +5). The Green Bay Packers were unbeaten (8–0–1) after nine games, and after the Thanksgiving weekend, their 10–1–1 record (.909) was still well ahead of Portsmouth at 5–1–4 (.833) and Chicago at 4–1–6 (.800). In Week Twelve (December 4), the Spartans handed the Packers a 19–0 defeat, while the Bears beat the Giants 6–0. Portsmouth, at 6–1–4 (.857), took the lead, while the Packers (10–2–1) and the Bears (5–1–6) were tied for second (.833). In Week Thirteen, the Bears hosted the Packers; a Green Bay win would have the Packers finish second with an 11–2–1 record (.846) and hand Portsmouth their first ever title. The Bears beat the Packers 9–0, meaning they finished 6–1–6, and tied for first in the standings with Portsmouth. Though it was described as a "playoff", the Bears 9–0 win over Portsmouth on December 18 counted in the regular season standings. As such, the Bears finished at 7–1–6 (.875) and won the 1932 title, with the Packers runners-up, and the Spartans, at 6–2–4 (.750), finished third. Kenneth "Ken" R. Wendt (January 29, 1910 – January 19, 1982) was an American football player, jurist, and politician. Wendt was a guard for the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League in 1932. He then served in the Illinois General Assembly and as a judge in Cook County, Illinois. The National Football League champions, prior to the merger between the National Football League (NFL) and American Football League (AFL) in 1970, were determined by two different systems. The National Football League was established on September 17, 1920, as the American Professional Football Association (APFA). The APFA changed its name in 1922 to the National Football League, which it has retained ever since.From 1921 to 1931, the APFA/NFL determined its champion by overall win–loss record, with no playoff games; ties were not counted in the winning percentage total. The APFA did not keep records of the 1920 season; they declared the Akron Pros, who finished the season with an 8–0–3 (8 wins, 0 losses, 3 ties) record, as the league's first champions, by a vote of the owners, with the Buffalo-All Americans and Decatur Staleys also claiming the title. According to modern-tie breaking rules, the Buffalo All-Americans tied Akron for the championship. The Canton Bulldogs won two straight championships from 1922 to 1923, and the Green Bay Packers won three in a row from 1929 to 1931.There also has been controversy over the championshipships of the 1921 APFA season and the 1925 NFL season, with the Buffalo All-Americans laying claim to another championship in an incident known as the "Staley Swindle" and the Pottsville Maroons being stripped of their championship in 1925 for playing an exhibition game against college football powerhouse Notre Dame's famed Four Horsemen, leading to a last minute field goal victory for the Maroons, stunning the crowd and nation, and also put the NFL ahead of college football for the first time ever. These three disputed championships contributed to the beginning of the NFL's rich history. The 1932 NFL season resulted in a tie for first place between the Chicago Bears and Portsmouth Spartans, and could not be resolved by the typical win–loss system. To settle the tie, a playoff game was played; Chicago won the game and the championship. The following year, the NFL split into two divisions, and the winner of each division would play in the NFL Championship Game. In 1967, the NFL and the rival AFL agreed to merge, effective following the 1969 season; as part of this deal, the NFL champion from 1966 to 1969 would play the AFL champion in an AFL–NFL World Championship Game in each of the four seasons before the completed merger. The NFL Championship Game was ended after the 1969 season, succeeded by the NFC Championship Game. The champions of that game play the champions of the AFC Championship Game in the Super Bowl to determine the NFL champion.The Green Bay Packers won the most NFL championships before the merger, winning eleven of the fifty championships. The Packers were also the only team to win three straight championships, an achievement they accomplished twice: from 1929–31 and from 1965–67. The Chicago Bears won a total of eight titles, and the Cleveland Browns, Detroit Lions, and New York Giants each won four. The Bears recorded the largest victory in a championship game, defeating the Washington Redskins 73–0 in the 1940 NFL Championship Game; six other title games ended in a shutout as well. The Philadelphia Eagles recorded two consecutive shutouts in 1948 and 1949. New York City hosted the most championship games (eight), while the highest-attended title game was the 1955 NFL Championship Game, where 85,693 fans showed up in Los Angeles to watch the Browns beat the Rams 38–14. Staten Island () is one of the five boroughs of New York City, in the U.S. state of New York. Located in the southwest portion of the city, the borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull and from the rest of New York by New York Bay. With an estimated population of 479,458 in 2017, Staten Island is the least populated of the boroughs but is the third-largest in land area at 58.5 sq mi (152 km2). The borough also contains the southern-most point in the state, South Point. The borough is coextensive with Richmond County and until 1975 was referred to as the Borough of Richmond. Staten Island has sometimes been called "the forgotten borough" by inhabitants who feel neglected by the city government.The North Shore—especially the neighborhoods of St. George, Tompkinsville, Clifton and Stapleton—is the most urban part of the island; it contains the designated St. George Historic District and the St. Paul's Avenue-Stapleton Heights Historic District, which feature large Victorian houses. The East Shore is home to the 2.5-mile (4 km) F.D.R. Boardwalk, the fourth-longest boardwalk in the world. The South Shore, site of the 17th-century
operators who are equipped to hold Japanese tourists--if or when they come. But I am beginning to think that we need to approach the development of the Pohnpei tourism in a slightly different way. I don't think our own government agencies and employees--who are tasked to promote and attract tourists--can do the job. It's not that they are not qualified. It's just the way the mass tourism market work. If we want to bring in, say, 200 to 300 tourists to Pohnpei on a charter flight, I think we need to have the involvement of tour packagers or tour promoters--located where the possible tourists are. The promoters will be the ones to advertise the tour packages; arrange for flights when there are about 200 to 300 interested tourists. They can facilitate and make bookings with the local Pohnpei hotel from their offices in Japan or S. Korea; and even plan out, example, a 3-day package. The tour operators are the ones who know the needs and desires of different tourists group. So they will be the ones who we can depend on the make the arrangements. It may mean that our governments will need to find partners who are tour operators; and pay them certain amount plus commission in order for them to sell Pohnpei as destination. I think tourists visiting out-o- the-way places like Pohnpei would like to be dealing with reliable and trustworthy tour operators--for their safety and for assurance about the value of their vacations. So I don't know what assets or attractions(?) are there in Pohnpei to attract a certain group. We still need to conduct tourist marketing studies, the segmentation of the market. In the end, we want some sort of tourist profiles as per different countries as segmented by age group, family group, environmental study group, historical study group, divers group, etc., etc. In short, I think we need to develop working relationship and compensation package agreement with tourist promoters. We need to bring some of them to Pohnpei to look at our assets; and advice us on how to improve Pohnpei; so that future tourists will be satisfied once they get here. Just some thoughts. Besides the Nan Madol World Heritage site, FSM has spectacular sport fishing and scuba diving to attract tourists. WWII artifacts and shipwrecks can also attract both Japanese and American families with WWII historical connections. And yes, we need experienced tourism industry professionals to propose marketing strategies for possible implementation....IF the people and the government are really serious about tourism, that is. So far, I haven't seem much evidence of serious interest, sad to say. FM, I agree that FSM has many attractions that could draw tourists to visit. But for business strategy, I think the government officials who are responsible for tourism policies should really work with professionals--so that the different FSM states' attractions will be identified and amplified--for the purpose of differentiating each one as a unique destination in itself. I say this because when we say FSM, it means a large region; so it'll be difficult for tourist to be able to visit all the destinations in the FSM. So, let's say that a typical tourist--from Japan, S. Korea, US, Europe, Russia, etc.,--has only 3 days for vacation. How do we attract those kinds of visitors to a particular destination. I would say that we should assume that these tourists with only 3-day vacation time will only be going to one destination--whether it's Pohnpei or Chuuk or Yap or Kosrae--in the case of the FSM. Of course, other competing destinations for the 3-day vacationers are Hawaii, Guam, Palau, Saipan, RMI and other nearby locations. So for the FSM, we need to define the potential destinations within the FSM. We can say that Pohnpei is unique because of its Nan Madol ruins plus its diving spots. Chuuk is unique because of the World War II wrecks. Yap is unique because of its traditional money and its sting ray alley. Also, Kosrae has its own ruins and special forests, etc. In short, we need to understand, on one hand, the tourists profiles and segmentation; so we can target the different segments--in order to lure them to the spectacular and unique attractions within each of the FSM states. On the other hand, we need to define our destinations in a way that they will attract the different segments of the tourism population. Just some thoughts but I am sure these are already well understood by government officials responsible for tourism development and promotion. Hope so. Of the three Freely Associated States, only Palau has a thriving tourist industry. Both the FSM and the RMI would be wise to learn from the ROP how to effectively attract tourists. In the meantime, fisheries remain our only significant income-producing industry....and that income will continue to fluctuate annually due to tuna migration and global warming. I learn much on tourism from your comments, but I sometimes feel you are leap frogging. I think Factsmatter pointed out a problem which is the lack of "serious interest." Shouldn't we address this problem first? Does anyone know why Micronesians, excluding Belauans and Chamorros, lack the motivation to develop their tourism industry? For example, lack of physical fitness, low energy, or maybe poor diet is to blame. Too much substance abuse maybe? Too content with no dreams or visions for greatness? Too lazy? Don't want to change lifestyle or develop self? Land's too sacred to be developed or discussed? Bored of same old leadership? Not enough public lands like in Koror and the Marianas? Are Micronesians really free men and women? If so, then why are we not "seriously interested" in building up our tourism, economy and country? Maybe we just don't like tourists and want to be left alone, like most conquered peoples living in injun reservations. Or maybe we dread the ecological, cultural, and economical impacts of tourism. Anyway, I think we should also consider the public's opinions, especially the local communities' and land owners,' when planning these ventures. Because everyone will be impacted. z, yes, you are making a lot of good points. I am hoping that by engaging in serious discussions about Pohnpei tourism, we can come to some conclusions; and some answers to questions which you have raised. I don't want to believe that Pohnpeians are lazy or don't want development thru tourism. But I also don't have an answer as to how to develop tourism in Pohnpei--to a level similar to Palau or Guam, etc. Maybe some of the reasons that you say are correct. But I am not sold yet on the idea that we are the cause of our own problem--our attitude, our way of life, low energy, etc. In the end, it might prove that tourism--in the volume comparable to Palau or Guam--simply cannot occur in Pohnpei for the following reasons which have been mentioned by different people--some in this Forum, etc. Pohnpei does not have the beaches that attract family-type tourists. Pohnpei is too far out of the way; so it'll take many vacation hours spent on the plane; so it does not attract people with only 3-day vacation. Pohnpei does not have large shopping centers such as those in Guam (Walmart, Duty-Free, etc). While Nan Madol is one of the best place in the world to visit, it would only take probably a couple of hours to make a tour to Nan Madol; and what do you do after that. Another problem that I see is restrictions for hiring quality service people, such as workers from the Philippines, to come work in Pohnpei. It is difficult to recruit these workers because they also have to get US visa just to transit thru Guam a couple of hours in order to go to Pohnpei. In contrast, Palau has good beaches although you have take boats to the nice rock island beaches. But some of the hotels in Koror have built artificial beaches by the hotels to cater to their tourism customers. The population of Palau is small; so the number of Palauans working for tourism is small. Most of the service workers such as waitress at restaurants, cooks, etc, are from the Philippines. And it's easy for Palau to bring in workers from PI because they don't have to go thru Guam--so they don't need to apply for visa which is costly as well as time consuming. Most importantly, Palau has been able to maintain its clean environment which is appreciated by the tourists. So should Pohnpei give up on tourism because it does have the same assets and attractions as Palau or Guam? At some point in time, the leadership has to decide. I would say that we still need experts on tourism development and marketing and promotion to visit Pohnpei under contract with the Pohnpei State or with the FSM. They still need to do assessments of our assets and attraction sites. They need to help us figure as to whether or not our assets and attractions can be good enough to attract a certain segment of the tourism population. We don't have to have mass tourism although the airport has been extended to accommodate charter flights. We might be able to focus on smaller number of visitors; and then, build from there. We'll see. Does anyone know why Air Niugini and Air Nauru do not want to land in Guam? Only Japanese, Chinese, Taiwanese, South Korean, and Philippines airlines like to land in Guam. Why is this? Anyone know why Air Niugini and Air Nauru hate Guam so much? Disregard everything that you are talking about with regards to tourism in the FSM. Let us explore this question instead. Why does the US Government allow Japanese, Chinese, South Korean, Taiwanese, and Philippine airlines to land in Guam but not Air Niugini and Air Nauru? Is it
natural or legal entity that “uses or intends to use” a mark can apply for its registration in Italy, as long as the application is not made in bad faith. Marks can be used by either the applicant or an authorised third party, and use is considered genuine if it is true, continuous and effective. A representative of the rights holder requires power of attorney before filing; however, this power of attorney need not be notarised or legalised. • deceptive signs – in particular, signs which mislead the public as to the geographical origin, nature or qualities of the relevant goods and services. • signs which are applied for in bad faith. Trademark applications must be filed with the IPTO. The first e-filing system was implemented in 2006 and a completely revised e-filing system was introduced in Spring 2015. The new e-filing system is yet to be fully implemented (eg, applications for international trademark registration still require paper filing), but the IPTO is working diligently to complete the process within the shortest timeframe possible. Once the application is filed, the IPTO will perform an examination based on formal requirements and absolute grounds for refusal. If the application does not meet formal requirements or must be refused on absolute grounds, the IPTO will issue a formal notification to the applicant, which is granted a period of at least two months to complete or revise the application or file observations in response to the refusal. The IPTO will then examine the applicant’s response and decide whether to accept the application or reject it, either totally or partially. If the application meets the requirements, it will then be published for opposition or observation by third parties. The IPTO is not entitled by law to carry out any kind of search of prior rights; therefore, no official searches are available. An official online database is available at www.uibm.gov.it, but the search tools are very limited at present. However, with the implementation of the new e-filing system underway, the IPTO will soon be able to provide users with improved search tools. designations and acronyms of events and those of non-lucrative entities and associations, including the relevant emblems. Unregistered trademarks, company names, domain names, well-known trademarks under Article 6bis of the Paris Convention and reputation claims cannot be enforced through opposition. These can be enforced only through invalidation actions. A notice of opposition must be filed with the IPTO in writing. The notice must be written in Italian and include all required documents. An opposition fee of €250 (plus postage) must be paid before filing the notice. The notice must be submitted to the IPTO through the new e-filing system. If a representative is appointed, power of attorney is required; however, the power of attorney need not be notarised or legalised. • persons, entities and associations that hold relevant rights (under Article 8). If the opposition is accepted, the IPTO will notify the applicant of the contested mark (the first communication). The notification will be issued within two months of the expiry of the opposition period. The parties then have a twomonth cooling-off period in which they may reach an amicable settlement, which may be extended by joint request of the parties by up to 12 months from the date of receipt of the first communication. If an agreement is reached within this period, the parties must inform the IPTO. Otherwise, the opposition enters the adversarial stage. Within two months of the expiry of the cooling-off period, the opponent may file additional supporting documents or arguments, which the IPTO will forward to the applicant, setting a term for filing its observations. Within this term, the applicant may also request the opponent to submit proof of effective use of the enforced earlier trademark, if it was registered more than five years before the date of publication of the contested application. Evidence of effective use must be filed within 60 days of the relevant notification (this term may be extended up to six months). At the end of the adversarial stage, the IPTO will decide on the opposition, either refusing the contested application (in full or in part) or rejecting the opposition and awarding costs to the winning party (which may consist of the opposition fee and up to €300 of professional fees). The losing party may appeal to the Board of Appeal within 60 days of notification of the IPTO decision. If, after making all efforts provided by the law, the IPTO cannot serve the applicant with the notice of opposition, the opposed application will be rejected ex officio. In the case of an opposition against the Italian designation of an international registration, the IPTO will issue a provisional refusal, setting a three-month term for the applicant to appoint an Italian representative to defend the designation. If no representative is appointed, the provisional refusal becomes final and the designation is rejected with no further action required from the opponent. Where no objections are raised by the IPTO and no third-party oppositions or observations are filed, an application can mature to registration in approximately nine to 12 months. A trademark is valid for 10 years from the filing date and can be renewed – for all or part of the originally claimed goods – for unlimited subsequent 10-year periods. There is also a grace period of six months after the official deadline, provided that the renewing party pays a surcharge. Renewal registrations are assigned new renewal application and registration numbers and a renewal certificate is issued within a couple of months of the renewal date. Surrender: A trademark holder can always surrender its registration. Surrender must be recorded on the register by means of an appropriate declaration (subject to fiscal registration). Revocation: If a trademark is not put to genuine use for five consecutive years after registration, it becomes vulnerable to revocation for nonuse, which may be filed by any interested party. If use of the mark begins or resumes after the five-year period of non-use but more than three months before the claim for revocation is filed, the registration cannot be revoked, except in the case of rights in the trademark acquired by third parties through filing or use. Invalidation: After registration of the mark, holders of conflicting earlier rights or any interested party (on the basis of absolute grounds for refusal) may file a claim for its invalidation. Invalidations are civil proceedings and must be filed before an IP court (tribunale delle imprese). The timeframe from filing of the claim to judgment may vary depending on the complexity of the case, but the average timeframe is two to three years. The competent courts for any IP matter – involving registered or unregistered rights – are the tribunale delle imprese (enterprise tribunals): 21 highly specialised sections of the civil courts (approximately one for each Italian region). Where one party is a foreign enterprise, competence is limited to 11 of these venues, depending on the domicile or head office of the Italian counterparty of the suit. In cases of either imminent or ongoing violation of an IP right, the rights holder may request the IP court to grant provisional remedies. • injunction (enforceable at the infringer’s premises, those of subsidiaries and warehouses, and against third parties not identified in the petition). The average period from filing of the petition to grant of the remedy is one month. Regarding compensation for damages, Italian judges usually take into account all appropriate factors, such as negative economic consequences – including the lost profits of the rights holder and unfair profits made by the infringer – and moral prejudice caused to the rights holder. The infringer can be forced to return all profits earned. According to Articles 473 and 474 of the Criminal Code, the infringement of a registered IP right so as to create the risk of confusion among the public is a criminal offence. Public prosecutors can therefore prosecute the felony independently if there is public deception. Consequently, even where it is advisable, it is not strictly necessary to file a criminal complaint. Article 517ter of the Criminal Code applies where the infringement does not involve an actual risk of confusion among the public. In this case, the rights holder must file a criminal complaint. There are no specific requirements in Italian law to finalise an assignment, insofar as documents are concerned. However, an assignment must take written form in order to be recorded in the Trademark Register. It may be recorded by means of the original, notarised assignment deed (foreign deeds must be legalised and include a sworn Italian translation), or by means of a simplified declaration stating that the title has already been assigned. The declaration must be executed by both parties, but there is no need for notarisation or legalisation of signatures. Before recording the assignment with the IPTO, fiscal registration of the assignment deed or declaration is required. It takes approximately one year for the assignment to be recorded in the register, but the assignment is effective as of the date of filing of the petition. A merger is recorded by means of a petition filed with the IPTO and a certificate proving the merger, issued by the Commercial Registry or other competent authority. If the document is in a foreign language, an Italian translation must be provided. Official fees must be paid, which vary depending on the number of titles against which the merger is recorded. Although the merger is not immediately recorded in the register, it is effective as of the date of filing of the petition. A change of name or address is recorded by means of a petition filed with the IPTO. A power of attorney is required, but there is no need to provide additional documents. In contrast to previous practice, the current e-filing system does not allow for a petition for a change of name or address to be included in a renewal application. These changes should be recorded before proceeding with the renewal. Trademarks can be the object of both exclusive and non-exclusive licences, which can relate to all or some of the goods or services protected by the registration. No particular forms or formalities are required. However, according to Article 23.4 of the Industrial Property Code, the
website and social media apply to online purchases made via the O’Neills.com website. Any offers that are applicable in our retail stores will be clearly identified as redeemable in-store at one of our retail outlets. The O’Neills All Ireland Gaelic football is not included in any of our offers. All offers apply while stock lasts. O’Neills loyalty points cannot be used as part of any customer offer. Due to timing and postal constraints, prizes will only be posted to addresses inside IE and the UK. Entrants from further afield must organise collection. Closing date will be specified in the post or on competition entry page. RT to Win competitions – Unless otherwise stated, ONE winner will be selected at random from all those who have retweeted our competition post. Employees (and their families) of O’Neills and all 3rd party agencies connected to this competition are not eligible to win any of the competition prizes. The winner will be notified by email/telephone. O’Neills loyalty points cannot be used when claiming/ using any prize. O’Neill’s decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. Entries that do not comply in full with these rules will be disqualified. If for any reason a prize becomes unavailable O’Neills reserves the right, at its absolute discretion, to substitute a similar prize of equivalent value. O’Neills and their agents accept no responsibility for any technical difficulties experienced in submitting an entry to this competition. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed, administered by, or associated with Facebook. You understand that you are providing your information to O’Neills and not to Facebook. The information you provide will only be used for contacting the winners of this promotion and as per the marketing opt in included in the form. Persons can also enter competitions via email at competitions@oneills.com or instore; Belfast, Newry, Enniskillen, Strabane and Magherafelt. The promoter is the O’Neills Irish International Sportswear Company Ltd, Longmile Road , Dublin 12. Guess/Predict the Score competitions – Unless otherwise stated, ONE winner will be selected. The winner must correctly predict the score of the selected match ahead of throw in/kick off. In an event of a tie break, closest prediction wins. If needs must i.e. entrants predicting the same score or more than one entrant is deemed ‘closest’ to the final score, a random draw will take place among qualifying entries. All content included on this site including but not limited to web site design, text, graphics, audio clips, visual clips, logos, button icons and the selection and arrangement thereof are either the property of O’Neills or its contents suppliers and are protected by UK, Irish and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of O’Neills and is protected by UK, Irish and international copyright laws ALL RIGHTS ARE RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of this Web site for the purposes of placing an order with O’Neills and using this website as a shopping resource only. Any other use of materials on this Web Site including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, transmission, broadcasting republication, downloading or uploading without the prior written permission of O’Neills is strictly prohibited. O’Neills Irish International Sports Company Limited, Unit 45/46 Kennedy Centre, Belfast, BT11 9AE. O’Neills and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of O’Neills. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners ("Third Party Trade Marks"). You are not permitted to use the O’Neills Trademarks or Third Party Trademarks without the prior written consent of O’Neills or such third parties that may own the Trademarks. O’Neills may add to, change or remove any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time, without notice. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions of Use or any terms shown on this website or any subsite hereof, apply as soon as they are shown. By continuing to use this website after any changes are posted, you are indicating your acceptance of those changes. O’Neills may add, change, discontinue, remove or suspend any other content displayed on this website, including features and specifications of products and services described or depicted on the website, temporarily or permanently, at any time, without notice and without liability. In order to place an order with O’Neills you will need to register to use the site. In return for allowing you to use the O’Neills web site and benefiting from our services, you agree that any information you provide us about yourself at any time will be true, accurate, current and complete and that you will ensure that this information is kept accurate and up to date. If incorrect information is supplied any contractual obligation O’Neills has is immediately null and void. If you send communications or materials to this website by electronic mail or otherwise, concerning any comments, questions, suggestions or the like, all such communications are, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Thus, you give up any claim that any use of such material infringes any of your rights including moral rights, proprietary, or any other right, including the right to approve the way in which O’Neills uses such material. In the event of these circumstances we will refund you the price you’ve paid to us. Please note that we reserve the right not to accept an order for any reason and we won’t be liable to you or anyone else in these circumstances. The Customer Service section at the bottom of our website, tells you how to order and pay for products. It also addresses any questions you might have about delivery of your products, your right to cancel orders or return faulty products to us and our quality assurance. O’Neills may choose to provide links to sites owned by O’Neills and associated companies from time to time and may also choose to provide links to sites that are owned by third parties that are not connected with O’Neills. All links are provided for your convenience only. Access to sites that are owned by third parties is at your own risk and O’Neills has no responsibility or liability for these third-party sites. O’Neills will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that this web site is fully operational at all times. However we cannot guarantee that the web site will be fault free. In particular access to this web site may be interrupted or restricted to allow for emergency or routine repairs or maintenance to be carried out or the introduction of new facilities or services. Further, by using this website and any subsite, you acknowledge and agree that the Internet uses elements and relies upon services, input and facilities which are not within the control of O’Neills and if O’Neills is totally or partially prevented or delayed in the performance of any of its obligations in providing a particular service, such a situation will constitute a 'force majeure' and O’Neills shall be excused the performance for so long as such a situation endures. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the term 'force majeure' shall be deemed to include any cause affecting the performance by O’Neills of its obligations arising from or attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond the reasonable control of O’Neills and in particular, but not by way of limitation, shall include strikes, lock-outs, other industrial action, actual or threatened terrorist action, civil commotion, riot, crowd disorder, invasion, war, threat or preparation for war, fire, technical or power failure, software, hardware or telecommunication or other network failures, interruptions, disruptions or malfunctions, explosions, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, structural damage, epidemic or other natural or physical disaster, any legislation, regulation, rule or ruling of government, court or any competent authority. O’Neills reserves its right to restrict, suspend or terminate your use of this web site or any of our services at any time if we believe, in our absolute discretion, that you have breached these terms and conditions. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold O’Neills and, all of its associate companies, their directors, employees, information providers, licensors and licensees, officers and partners, (collectively, "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all liability and costs (including, without limitation, legal fees and costs), incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions. You will co-operate as fully as reasonably required by O’Neills in O’Neills’ defence of any claim. O’Neills reserves the right, at their own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter and you shall not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of O’Neills. If you have any complaints or comments about our web site or any of the products supplied to you, please contact O’Neills through the Contact Us section on the website. In situations where the O’Neills may give you the option to subscribe to its email service which will update you with news or information which it considers to be of interest to you, your use of the content received through the email service will be subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, neither O’Neills nor any of its directors, employees, affiliates or other representatives will be liable for loss or damages arising out of or in connection with the use of, or inability to use, the materials in and/or facilities or services offered through this website, including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damages, loss of data, income, profit or opportunity, loss of or damage to
M dNTPs, 0.6 μM forward primer and reverse primer, and 1 U Taq DNA polymerase (TaKaRa, Shiga, Japan). The forward primers were tagged with a fluorescent 6-FAM or HEX label to produce flourescent-labeled PCR amplified fragments. PCR was performed on a Mastercyler gradient thermocycler (Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany) using the following procedure: 10 min at 94 °C, followed by 10 touchdown cycles of 45 s at 94 °C, 60 s at 65 °C (−1 °C per cycle), and 60 s at 72 °C, then 35 cycles of 45 s at 94 °C, 60 s at 55 °C, and 60 s at 72 °C, and a 10 min final extension step at 72 °C. An ABI3730xl DNA Analyzer (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, USA) was used to capture amplified products by a fluorescence detection system for SSR markers. Fragment sizes were determined using an internal size standard (LIZ500, ABI, USA), and the output was analyzed using GeneMapper software (Applied Biosystems). Four cpDNA regions, including trnL-trnF, psbA-trnH, psbB-psbH and trnG, were amplified for all 221 individuals. The primers and methodology for amplification of these four DNA regions via PCR were described in Taberlet et al. , Demesure et al. , Hamilton , and Shaw et al. , respectively. Sequences were generated with an ABI 3730XL DNA Sequencer (Applied Biosystems), and edited, assembled and aligned in Geneious (v7.1.7, http://www.geneious.com/). All cpDNA sequences were deposited in Genbank (accession numbers KU564257 to KU564268). A total of 127 samples from ten populations were used to generate the genotyping by sequencing dataset (GBSseq; Additional file 1: Table S1). Individual DNA libraries for each of these samples were prepared using the restriction enzyme ApeKI according to the protocol in Elshire et al. . Libraries were then sequenced using paired-end sequencing across 3 lanes of Illumina HiSeq 4000 (BGI, Shengzhen, China). The quality of the raw read data was examined using FASTQC . GBS data assembly, mapping, and SNP discovery were performed using Stacks v1.23 . In the absence of a reference genome for this species, RADSeq loci were assembled de novo using the ‘denovo_map.pl’ pipeline in STACKS. We used a parameter combination recommended by Mastretta-Yanes et al. : minimum read depth to create a stack (−m) = 3, number of mismatches allowed between loci within individuals (−M) = 2, and number of mismatches allowed between loci within each catalogue (−n) = 2. All other parameters were kept at default values. Those loci present in at least 80% of individuals at each site were retained in the final dataset, and loci with minor allele frequencies lower than 0.05 were removed. GBS genotyping of the samples from population SZW resulted in significant missing data, so this population was removed from the GBS dataset. GBS-seq raw data were submitted to the NCBI Sequence Read Archive (SRA) with reference number SRP071628. All 22 microsatellite loci were tested for deviation from Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. We calculated common metrics of genetic variation, including average number of alleles (Na), observed and expected heterozygosity (Ho and He), and global and pairwise FST. Both global and pairwise FST were tested for significance based on 9999 permutations. All calculations and statistical tests were conducted using GenAlEx v6.5 . We used the software STRUCTURE to infer the probability of assignment to distinct genetic clusters for all 221 individuals in the ten sampled populations . The analysis was performed using the admixture model and with the option of correlated allele frequencies between populations. Ten runs were conducted for each value for the number of genetic clusters (K), with K ranging from 1 to 10. The length of the burn-in for the Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) replications was set to 10,000, and data were collected every 1000 steps over a total length 100,000 MCMC steps in each run. We identified the optimal value of K using the method developed by Evanno et al.  as implemented in the software Structure Harvester . Chloroplast DNA (cpDNA) sequences were edited and assembled using SeqMan software (DNASTAR, Inc., Madison, Wisconsin, USA). Multiple alignments of the DNA sequences were performed with Clustal X , with subsequent adjustment in Bioedit . Haplotype (Hd) and nucleotide (π) diversities were calculated from aligned DNA sequences using DnaSP v5 . We conducted an analysis of molecular variance (AMOVA) and tested for significance based on 1023 permutations in Arlequin v3.0 . A haplotype distribution map was constructed using ArcMap v9.3 (ESRI, Inc., Redlands, California, USA), and a haplotype network was constructed in NETWORK v4.678  using Medicago sativa as an outgroup. Observed and expected heterozygosities (Ho and He) were calculated using the package Adegenet v2.0.1.  in R (www.r-project.org). Both global and pairwise FST were calculated and tested for significance based on 9999 permutations using Genepop v4.0 . As with the microsatellite dataset, we also performed STRUCTURE analysis  on our GBS dataset, using the admixture model and the same MCMC parameters as before. We used climate-based ecological niche models (ENMs) at multiple time periods to investigate whether current and past climate suitability is a relevant factor shaping observed patterns of genetic differentiation among populations of C. microphylla. Ecological niche modelling was carried out in MAXENT v3.3.3 . A total of 53 occurrence points, obtained from the literature [13–16] and our own sampling, and 19 GIS data layers at 2.5 arc min resolution for present-day bioclimatic variables, obtained from the WorldClim database (http://www.worldclim.org), were included in the analysis (Additional file 1: Table S3). To estimate the distribution of C. microphylla at the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM), we projected the model obtained by our present-day species-climate analysis onto the LGM using data layers for past climate constructed under the commonly used Model for Interdisciplinary Research on Climate (MIROC v3.2)  scaled down to a 2.5 arc min resolution and obtained from WorldClim. To model the suitability of C. microphylla under a future climate scenario, we acquired data layers (2.5 arc min resolution) predicted for the year 2080 under, again, the commonly used general circulation model MIROC from WorldClim. As with the LGM scenario, we projected the present-day ENM onto the future climate layers to explore how the predicted distribution of C. microphylla may be affected by ongoing global climate change. The performance of the model prediction was evaluated using the area under the (receiver operating characteristic) curve (AUC) calculated by MAXENT. Model predictions were visualized in ARCMAP v9.3 (ESRI, Redlands, CA). To investigate the roles of geographic and environmental factors in spatial genetic differentiation, we tested for isolation by distance (IBD) and isolation by environment (IBE) using all three marker types collected in our study. In all analyses, population pairwise genetic distances were represented by matrices of pairwise FST / (1-FST) as recommended by Rousset . Geographic distances were represented by the logarithms (log10) of geographic distances between all pairs of populations. For the environmental predictors, we downloaded the 19 bioclimate variables from the WorldClim database (www.worldclim.org) at 0.5 arc min resolution and then reduced covariance by performing spatial principal component analysis (PCA) analysis on the raster layers using the R package ‘RStoolbox’ . We retained the first three PC rasters that resulted from this analysis and extracted the value of the data point on each raster at each of the coordinates for our sampled populations. To quantify IBD and IBE, we performed multiple matrix regression with randomization (MMRR) using the R function ‘MMRR’ . We also tested for covariance between geographic and environmental distances with a Mantel test using the R package ‘vegan’ . In each analysis, 10,000 permutations were used to generate a null distribution for significance testing. To further evaluate IBD and IBE, we also performed a complementary analysis, generalized dissimilarity modelling (GDM). GDM is a statistical technique that uses nonlinear matrix regression to model spatial patterns of biological dissimilarity, including genetic distance, between sampling sites against differences in geographic and environmental variables . GDM uses an I-spline turnover function for each predictor variable to quantify: (1) variation in the rate of genetic turnover along each environmental and geographic axis (the shape of each spline) while controlling for all other variables, and (2) the cur
413 until OPERS and the General Assembly recognize the need to maintain the current 3% COLA. Thanks PERI, finally a ray of hope . Food for thought for all retirees, Keep contacting members of the general assembly to vote down h.b.413! Keep the heat on! What is meant by, “It appears that in its present form the bill is not going to move toward passage in the Ohio House”? It sounds like good news at first, but the issue is not over. I’m very happy by this delay, but we still need to work to have it dropped altogether. Something seems very wrong here. With all the sweeping changes OPERS made since 2012, including dropping spouses and jacking up premiums, why aren’t they putting money into the health care plan? If the current administration can’t seem to manage our money, maybe it’s time to find others who will. This doesn’t add up and an independent investigation seems to be in order. I would like to share some info. with all retirees. i retired from O.D.O.T. in 2012. When i worked for O.D.O.T. I was active in o.c.s.e.a. for a time. O.c.s.e.a. is the union for state employees in most agencies. When opers introduced their c.o.l.a. reduction fiasco last august, I contacted Chris Mabe who is o.c.s.e.a. president and opers board member for state employees. As per the conversation, The reasons he gave me for the proposal were as follows. The alleged 2 billion dollars in unfunded liabilities as per Karen Carraher. Mabe also gave me a personal reason for the proposal. Mabe told me he thinks it is not fair that people who retired prior to Jan. 2013 keep their 3% C.O.L.A. And people who retired after Jan. 2013 get their c.o.l.a. adjusted as agreed upon in the 2012 opers changes. So with this info. you have an opers board member who also had personal reasons for pushing this proposal. I spoke to Chris Mabe over the phone in late august of 2017. He returned the phone call after I left him a message on his voicemail. I also emailed him at that time. Well what everyone has to remember is if your already retired you have no way to increase your percent of retirement other than the COLA. If your not already retired you have the option to work longer and increase your retirement. “ Go figure “ Compell people who can retire before 2013 by sending out papers that say anyone who retires prior to 2013 will recieve 3 % COLA fixed ,then switch it with H.B. 413 COLA based off cpi after. People already retired don’t have an equal right to work longer and boost there percentage and increase there F.A.S. I believe PERI was able to exspress that concern during there presentation in Opposition of H.B 413. Ron Alexander is a candidate for OPERS Trustee to represent the retirees. He is also the retiree representative on the OCSEA Board with Mabe. I have emailed Ron Alexander requesting his position on this issue. We certainly don’t need two OSCEA officials on the OPERS Board voting together to cut our COLA. Right. We do not need a fox in the hen house. More food for thought. Late last December, The Opers board voted to make Chris Mabe Vice Chair! So I just read the Dispatch article and here’s what bothers me. It is clear that Karen Carraher is trying to play on the fear that If we don’t make these changes now we risk healthcare in the future. What I urge everyone to consider is that regardless of whether they make changes or not we could still lose or have changes made to our healthcare in the future. Healthcare is not a guaranteed benefit. I for one will not stand for changes being made to a guaranteed benefit, which my 3% annual COLA is, to take the chance that they won’t turn around at some point in the future and reduce or eliminate healthcare anyway. I won’t fall for their scare tactics. Retiree – I totally agree. I will not stand for changes to a guaranteed benefit either. If they take that away, then everything is fair game. The article in the Columbus Dispatch was an interesting read. Keep up the good work, PERI! Although this is encouraging we can’t let up. I have written to my State Representative and Senator and have received a response only from my Representative that he is opposed to HB 413. So far my state Senator seems to be non-committed. Remember the old adage “the squeeky wheel gets the grease”. Jerry – That is very interesting. I have long suspected a severe case of COLA envy has been going around at OPERS. And yes, I believe those pushing the proposal have a personal agenda. Otherwise, nothing else makes sense. The system is healthy and with the sweeping changes made including dropping spouses and jacking up our health care premiums, there should be no reason for fear of losing health care funding. As the old adage goes, when something doesn’t make sense, look for the dollars. Where did you obtain information on the 3 candidates and their positions? Thanks James for your insight. I agree after reading the Retiree Representative Candidate Biographies page included with my ballot, it becomes clear that Timothy Steitz is the correct choice if you want to protect your 3% COLA. His job experience and credentials make him the most qualified candidate to oppose Carraher’s dirty mess now and in the future. It’s important for anyone who hasn’t voted yet to do it now before the March 30th deadline and keep contacting our state legislative officials. Every day I e-mail, tweet, call or write. I point out the 50 people at OPERS making more than the governor, the billions invested in poor performing hedge funds, the most of any State and paying the managers of those hedge funds billions since 2011 and also paying their own chief financial officer over 1/2 million a year and millions more in incentives. Incentives for what, to invest in poor performing hedge funds or does he get incentives for cutting our COLA. Kasich was with Lehman Brothers and went around Ohio talking the public pensions into investing in Lehman Brothers. Lehman went out of business and the pensions lost multi millions. He becomes governor in 2011 along with Carrahar and we start investing in hedge funds. Funny hedge funds donated to his run for President in 2016. This cozy relationship the OPERS seems to have with some of the medical providers needs to be looked at. Double Dipping needs to be looked at, California does not allow it at all, go back to a public employee and your pension stops. I don’t know if we need to go that far, but the amount they pay in for pension goes into an annuity. That money should stay in the pension system, they are already collecting a pension and working for a public employee. QEBA needs stopped, violating IRS rules stating that they don’t have to pay pension out over around 215,000 per year. QEBA makes that extra money come out of the medical fund. I could go on for pages, however, that is some thing needing fixed. Keep writing as the State and every organization in it hates the sun light shine down upon them. When I worked I was told to work on clients that bitched first. Why should they get serviced first? The answer, we don’t want to have them calling every day and bothering us. Is that fair, no, but the squeaking wheel gets fixed first. Michael – Could you share copies of your letters? I don’t know the facts like you do. I would like to send that information to my representatives too. First, the “3% COLA” quit being a 3% increase in retirement benefits one year after retirement. It is a simple interest increase on the base retirement amount. It is NOT a true cost of living increase. Rather it is: 3%, 2.91%, 2.83%, 2.75%, 2.68%, 2.61%, 2.54%, etc. Next year I will get a 2.4% increase. We retirees who retired prior to 2013 are both diminishing in both numbers and our effective COLA increases. The only reason that I can see for the OPERS board to act now is because it will become a moot point in a the future. They want to treat retirees as welfare recipients. Why else would HB 413 contain a provision to INCREASE the retirement for a select few retirees? Second, as determined in the case of John J. MASCIO v. PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM OF OHIO, the vested rights statute (ORC 145.561), once the conditions of retirement are fulfilled, there is a contractual obligation. The Ohio Legislature (OPERS) does NOT have a legal right to alter a contract after the fact. Third, why the heck would any rational person (retiree) wish to trade a statutory guaranteed contractual right (pension + COLA) for the “promise” of health care? Back when I was working, 35 years, a percentage of my contribution was going for the health care of retirees. Now that I am retired, the OPERS board has cut health care to the bone and is out to get retirees who may have gotten a few percent ahead of inflation. Finally, I’m not trying to be political but the Federal deficit spending is such that the ten year Treasury rate is approaching 3%. Depending on the
initiative. The overall financial commitment for each radio station is compared with those of otherradio stations with similar revenues in markets of similar size to ensure that the level of the commitment is adequate. In Public Notice CRTC 1995-61, the Commission concluded that a more streamlined approach to Canadian talent development is necessary, given the diminishing resources of both radio licensees and the Commission. It emphasized, however, that adequate funding should continue to be provided to third-party organizations involved in Canadian talent development, because of the important role these organizations play in increasing the availability of Canadian music, and their reliance on Canadian talent development contributions from radio stations for a significant share of their revenues. The Commission also stated that commitments for Canadian talent development made in the context of applications for new radio licences or changes in ownership must continue to be fulfilled. * At licence renewal, licensees of all private commercial radio stations would continue to be expected to make annual direct financial commitments to Canadian talent development sufficient to ensure that FACTOR, MusicAction, and other third-party organizations continue to receive annual funding from radio licensees totalling not less than $1.8 million. These funds would be contributed by individual broadcasters directly to eligible third parties. * Radio licensees would generally be required to fulfil commitments for Canadian talent development accepted as part of benefits packages proposed in applications to transfer ownership or effective control of undertakings. Similarly, licensees of new radio stations would generally be required to fulfil all Canadian talent development commitments during their initial licence terms. In addition to its call for comments on the general approach to Canadian talent development, the Commission requested the Canadian Association of Broadcasters (CAB) to submit a proposal for a mechanism that would ensure that at least $1.8 million annually is provided by radio licensees to eligible third parties, including details concerning how such a system would operate and be administered. A total of 35 comments were received in response to the Commission's call. Commercial broadcasters generally supported the Commission's proposed approach, noting that radio already contributes to Canadian talent by playing Canadian records and by making copyright payments to authors, composers and music publishers. They considered that the $1.8 million target proposed for licence renewal commitments was reasonable, given the current financial difficulties faced by the radio industry, and would ensure continued funding for parties that have come to rely on the direct financial contributions of radio licensees. They also expressed the view that many local Canadian talent development projects would continue without the involvement of the Commission because of their promotional value for the sponsoring stations. Community broadcasters made references to the contributions made to Canadian talent development by not-for-profit radio stations, and expressed the view that private radio stations must continue to make a contribution as well. Parties associated with the recording and music industries had a mixed response to the proposed approach. Some considered that the target of $1.8 million was too low and could become a maximum rather than a minimum target. Some proposed that a portion of the money now going to local initiatives should be given to third parties. Certain parties suggested that adherence by a licensee, both to its overall commitment to Canadian talent development, and to its individual financial commitments to particular organizations, should be required by condition of licence. A full review of the financial state of the radio industry was suggested by one party. The CBC and several other parties argued that air-play for new artists was at least as important as financial contributions for the development of Canadian talent. In this context, one individual suggested that all Canadian radio stations should be required to ensure that at least 15% of musical selections broadcast are by new Canadian artists. An educational institution suggested that the list of third parties who are eligible for Canadian talent development payments should be expanded to include provincially- administered, post-secondary training programs. In response to the Commission's request, the CAB presented a proposal entitled CAB Distribution Guidelines for Canadian Talent Development. Payments made according to this schedule would replace all current, ongoing Canadian talent development commitments made in the context of licence renewals. They would not, however, replace benefit commitments made at the time of an ownership or control transaction or commitments to expenditures during the first term of a new licence. Licensees would send their contributions directly to eligible third parties; these would include FACTOR, MusicAction, national and provincial music organizations, performing arts groups, schools and scholarship recipients. Stations would apply to the Commission for a condition of licence requiring them to adhere to the CAB Distribution Guidelines for Canadian Talent Development. The CRTC would require licensees to demonstrate compliance by submitting proof of their contributions to third party organizations as part of their annual returns. The Commission remains convinced that Canadian talent development initiatives undertaken by radio stations play an important role in fostering the careers of new Canadian artists. Consequently, it will continue to expect licensees to fulfil commitments to Canadian talent development offered as benefits in applications for authority to transfer ownership or control of radio stations or contained in applications for new licences, including those involving a move from the AM to the FM band. The Commission, however, shares the concerns of the broadcasting industry that the financial and administrative burden of the current system is too heavy, especially given the difficult financial circumstances faced by many radio stations. The Commission also considers that its own workload and diminished resources argue for a more steamlined approach to Canadian talent development. It therefore views as a reasonable approach the establishment of a system that, through the licence renewal process, would ensure a minimum annual payment of $1.8 million to third parties involved with Canadian talent development. Such an approach will ensure that these third parties continue to receive the same level of funding that they currently receive through the licence renewal process, while decreasing the overall financial and administrative burden on radio licensees and the Commission. In light of concerns expressed by recording industry representatives that the proposed annual contribution of $1.8 million by the radio industry could become a maximum rather than a minimum, the Commission will review this base level in five years to determine whether it remains adequate. With respect to local Canadian talent initiatives, the Commission notes comments by broadcasters that many radio stations will continue to undertake these projects on their own initiative. The Commission, however, has the following concerns with respect to the plan submitted by the CAB. The success of the CAB plan depends on the participation of almost all private commercial radio stations, regardless of their profitability, to raise a minimum of $1.8 million annually for third parties involved in Canadian talent development. To participate in the CAB plan, licensees of radio stations must submit applications to the Commission to be relieved of their current Canadian talent development commitments and to amend their licences by adding a condition of licence requiring them to make payments in accordance with the CAB's Canadian talent development distribution guidelines. As well, the plan assumes participation by radio stations who are not CAB members and may not yet be aware of all aspects of the plan. The Commission, however, notes the CAB's assurances that support for the plan is very high and agrees that, since the majority of radio stations would see their contributions to Canadian talent development decrease under the CAB plan, a high level of participation is likely. The Commission is also reluctant to delay unnecessarily the implementation of a more efficient system for Canadian talent development. The Commission will therefore proceed as follows: licensees of private commercial radio stations have until 16 February 1996 to apply to the Commission for licence amendments, using the form attached to this notice as Appendix 2. Once the Commission has received the applications, it will process them expeditiously via public notice. Once the new conditions of licence are in place, the Commission's intention is to require licensees to report, using their annual returns, the amounts directed to specific third parties associated with Canadian talent development. The Commission will generally expect licensees to ensure that at least half of the annual payments made by each are made in the first quarter of each fiscal year, with the remaining amount to be paid before the end of the third quarter. In its plan, the CAB expressed agreement with the Commission's definition of eligible third parties as including "FACTOR, MusicAction, national and provincial music organizations, performing arts groups, schools and scholarship recipients." The Commission wishes to clarify that, in accordance with its current practice, all money going to third parties must be directly connected to the development of Canadian musical and other artistic talent. Although it notes the suggestion by one party that provincially-administered post-secondary training programs should qualify as eligible recipients of Canadian talent development funding, the Commission has determined that grants to schools will generally be eligible expenditures for purposes of Canadian talent development only when directed to arts faculties to purchase instruments or undertake performances, or when such grants are used to fund other projects related to the development of musical and artistic talent. Scholarships will qualify as Canadian talent development expenditures only when they support students engaged in music, journalism or other artistic studies. Grants to those organizations offering courses in broadcasting or devoted to the continuing education of radio station staff will not qualify. The Commission reiterates that the CAB plan will apply only to commitments for Canadian talent development that are made in the context of licence renewals. Licensees will be expected, for the duration of their first licence term, to adhere to existing Canadian talent development commitments made in the context of their applications for new radio licences, including commitments made by licensees who have moved from the AM to the FM band. LIcensees will also be expected to adhere to those commitments proposed as benefits in applications for authority to transfer the ownership or control of radio stations. The licensee hereby applies for relief from its current direct cost commitments for Canadian talent development made as part of its last licence renewal, and to amend its licence by adding a condition of licence requiring it to make payments to third parties involved in Canadian talent development at the level identified for it in the CAB Distribution Guidelines For Canadian Talent Development, as set out in Public Notice CRTC 1995-196 or as amended from time to time and approved by the Commission, and to report the names of the third parties associated with Canadian talent development, together with the amounts paid to each, on its annual return. The licensee acknowledges that the payments required under the requested condition of licence are over
big people stuff! The new Michael Angelo’s Salmon Piccata is CRAZY good! It’s turned off chilly here this week and I really enjoyed warming up and having this for dinner. Perfection! Made with wild-caught Alaskan salmon, spring vegetables, and a fluffy brown rice in a piccata sauce. It’s super flavorful, and the portion was perfect for me! I’ve been a fan of Michael Angelo’s foods for a long time now, and most people love the amazing flavor. What they don’t know is that the ingredients are simple, and clean. Want a night off from having to cook? Want a super quick and easy seafood night at home? Grab some Michael Angelo’s Seafood Meals, straight from the frozen aisle at your local grocery store. I got ours at Kroger – but you can also find them at Walmart and Publix. Visit their store locator page to see where you can snag yours! You’ll love that you’ll be able to read and understand everything on the label. Real ingredients. No preservatives. Nothing artificial. BAM! Their salmon is wild caught and their shrimp is chemical free! Each week now when I write out our weekly menu plan, I make sure to reserve at least one night for Seafood Night! The family is always super excited – and THIS momma is super excited that I don’t have to slave over a hot stove! Go ahead and visit Michael Angelo’s on their social channels below to see what’s the latest and greatest! Have you tried any of these seafood meals yet? If so, which was your fave or which would you love to try? Let’s face it. Potatoes are an integral part of dinnertime. Especially at our house. My husband is one of those “meat and potatoes” kinda guys. There’s just one thing though. This momma don’t have the time, NOR the energy to stand and peel potatoes, cut potatoes, boil potatoes, and then mash the heck out of them to get all the lumps out. Don’t get me wrong, I do love me some mashed potatoes – but the real deal around our house isn’t as often as I’d like. I’ve always been a huge fan of Idahoan because they are the best tasting “instant” out there, in my opinion. Well, they have overwhelmingly upped their game!!! The new Idahoan Signature Russets Mashed Potatoes are SO STINKING GOOOOOOOOOOOD! You’d swear to the heavens above, that these were 100% completely homemade at your grandma-ma’s house! Not even kidding! They have a very smooth taste, just like original homemade mashed potatoes with just a hint of butter and cream. I made these the other night with one of my super quick and easy chicken recipes. We’re having some remodeling done on the house, and this particular night — by the time dinner time came – I was too tired and needed something hearty for dinner! This was a HIT. Place chicken breasts in a plastic container or large zip lock bag with Italian dressing. Shake around until chicken is well coated. Stick in fridge to marinate for 30 minutes or so. Place chicken in baking dish or pan, pour leftover dressing from the baggie over top. Bake at 400 degrees for 25-30 minutes or until no longer pink. Spoon some of the hot dressing from the pan over chicken. Serve with mashed potatoes and your favorite veggies! They’re delicious. Oh, wait…did I already say that?! Makes any meal taste like Sunday dinner! More than 6 pounds of premium Idahoan russet potatoes go into every 16 oz. pouch. They use a new processing method that let’s the potatoes keep their natural goodness and texture. In the end, they taste as good as if you had peeled, boiled, and mashed them yourself! Takes just 5 minutes using milk and butter….or just water! You can get them in a 4 serving, 12 serving, or 20 serving pouch – and the pouches are resealable. You can find them nationwide, including Walmart and Kroger NOW! What’s your go-to recipes with mashed potatoes as a side dish? This post brought to you by Wearsafe. The content and opinions expressed below are that of Sweet Pennies From Heaven. College Safety Tips for Girls and Guys You Never Think Of! The kids are all grown up and leaving for college. They think they already know everything, right?! Yeah, they’re pretty smart – but they’re probably also still really naive. My niece, Hannah – my “mini me” – has just started her first year. Bathroom selfies and all… (God love her heart!). I love her to pieces. College kids HAVE to be equipped with some “smarts” when it comes to their safety since we’re not there to protect them. Here are 7 college safety tips for girls (and guys) that most of them won’t ever think of…until we tell them! 1 . Have car/dorm keys handy BEFORE you get to the car or your dorm room. Don’t wait until you’re there before you start digging around for keys. 2 . Keep pepper spray handy. Most people think about having pepper spray on them, but most of the time they never even buy any. 3 . Use your car alarm! If a stranger is following you in the parking lot – press that alarm button on your key ring. More than likely, they’ll run the opposite direction! 4 . Don’t leave your drinks/food unattended. I know this one has been said over and over and over again – but for realz! Keep an eye on your drinks. You never know what weird creeper will drop something in it! 5 . Never go to the ATM machine alone, especially at night. Make your bestie or room mate tag along with you. If she/he complains, offer them $5 or something off the dollar menu at Taco Bell. Guarantee they’ll take you up on that! 6 . Keep your expensive stuff like laptops and electronic devices hidden away in your backpack or bag when heading out to the car or to the library. 7 . Use Wearsafe! It’s a teeny tiny Tag that keeps the kids and their family/friends one step ahead of an unsafe situation. In this event – it can be hard to get help when you’re fumbling around for your phone. I just set one up, and it was so easy to do! This super small Wearsafe Tag uses your phone to alert your friends and family – by sending them audio from the scene. It starts a chat room where they can coordinate, and/or call 911. Even when your phone is OUT OF SIGHT!! The Wearsafe Tag works with both iPhones and Androids. The app is only $5 a month and comes with a FREE device/tag! You cannot beat that — and there are NO commitments!!! You can Try it free now!!! You won’t find another product out there that will keep your college kids safer than Wearsafe. It’s the only one to offer audio, GPS, and group chat! The Wearsafe Tag is SO small that a stranger don’t even know it’s there! All the while, in a situation, they have NO idea that 911 may already be on the way, thanks to Wearsafe! Group chat – all those in selected network are in group chat to create a virtual situation room. Connects people who may not be connected on a daily basis. They can connect as a team to address how to help person in distress and assess the situation. This gives parents and the college kids both a sense of security. Even while you’re not close to one another, you’re still able to protect them at a moments notice! For just $5 a month. Mind blown. What other college safety tips do you have?! We’d love to hear them. Leave us a comment below or follow us on social media! Since the new year – I’ve tried to get a little more fit and eat better. The biggest problem is my snacking habits, especially during the late mornings/early afternoon. Breaking that habit isn’t easy, so I need this little orange zest drink to help curb my appetite. I found out about Meta Appetite Control – and wanted to give it a shot. It’s a fiber supplement that reduces your appetite for up to 4 hours. That’s exactly what I need to get me through that snacky slump in the middle of the day! Best part is that you can enter to receive a digital $5 off coupon and product sample for yourself to try out! Woohoo! You’ll find out how, towards the end of the post. You just add a couple heaping teaspoons of Meta Appetite Control into some ice cold water, and stir. I like to add ice to mine too, the colder – the better! I really like the Orange Zest flavor – but then again, I’m a sucker for anything orange! You could also add a couple spoonfuls into your morning or afternoon smoothies – to help keep you fuller, longer too! It’s the #1 recommended fiber brand by doctors. It’s made with 100% natural psyllium fiber*! It’s been clinically proven to keep you full between meals, and reduce your hunger. The psyllium fiber in the powder forms a thick gel when it thickens. Thus, giving you a more full sensation. You can find Meta Appetite Control now, in the digestive wellness aisle at Walgreens nationwide! I-C is hosting a coupon opportunity for Meta Appetite Control through the form allowing you a $5 off coupon upon filling out the form. Giveaway opens on Tuesday, June 7th and closes when all coupons have been redeemed. Have you tried it yet? What do you think?! This is a sponsored post for SheSpeaks/Bounty, however all opinions and spaghetti sauce splatters are my own. I
The average temperature of water that is processed through reverse osmosis is 190°. This means that the source water has already reached temperatures that cause the chemicals to leach out from the plastic BEFORE you buy and refrigerate it! In other words, the dangers of consuming fluids from a plastic bottle begin at the bottling plant and there’s nothing you can do to prevent exposure to these chemicals whatsoever. It takes approximately 5 liters of water to produce (and fill) a 1 liter bottle of water using the reverse osmosis process. If you understand the volatility of our natural resources, this should be of great concern to you! The reverse osmosis process doesn’t discriminate – is very good at removing the bad things (at least before it hits the bottle, that is) but it removes all of the natural minerals right along with the bad things. Water without minerals has absolutely NO BENEFIT to the human body whatsoever. This is true for distilled water too! It doesn’t matter if the plastic is made with BPA or if it’s BPA-free. There is NO such thing as safe plastic…not for you and your family, and not for the environment. Just say “NO” to all plastics…especially those used for your water consumption! If you decide to take a positive step in the right direction by making the decision to do away with all those harmful plastics impacting YOUR health (and the health of the future generations) reach out to me. There is a better, healthier way and it doesn’t involve a toxic water bottle filled with clear fluids. Your body will thank you for it, the future generations will thank you for it AND the environmental will thank you for it too. I’m an environmental advocate specializing in water. A mini “Erin Brockovich” …instead of fighting for justice, I have solutions for businesses and families. Families like the Donald Trump family, the Bill Gates family, the Seattle Seahawks families, the NY Yankees families and familes like yours and mine. If you’d like more information about the solutions that I have to offer, reach out to me. Lynn Gardner, lynn@liquid-assets-usa.com or call 202 241 1542. With bottled water out-selling carbonated drinks for the first time, there is no limit to the options being made available to consumers by money-hungry providers and most of it is NOT what it claims to be! Bottled water dominates more square footage in the grocery story than any other product! More and more “alkaline” waters and more and more”hydrogen infused” options are hitting the shelves and the $30.00 per gallon price tag doesn’t seem to be slowing anybody down! Wise consumers are looking at affordable, long-term options so that they can have an endless supply of alkalized water in their own home and these wise consumers are looking to consumer ionization appliances as a result. These wise consumers also understand that by purchasing a long-term solution; they save thousands and thousands of dollars over the long run. Longevity. Because consumers are rapidly catching on to the benefits of drinking cleaner, healthier water and more alkaline water and the ionizer industry is beginning to boom as a result. Unfortunately, there are many start-up and 3rd party ionizer companies chasing the market, promising the moon and selling the truth short online. Look for a company that has been in the market long enough to be established AND long enough to have proven to stand behind their product and their warranties, one that offers reliable and reasonable service inside of the U.S. and one that can speak with experience about the life-cycle expectations of your unit. a quality ionizer SHOULD last for 20+ years with simple, routine maintenance. Look for a company that has the stay-power to be there for you long after your investment and one that already has a track record to “prove” how long your investment should last! Reputable. There are good things and not-so-good things about the Internet. One of the not-so-good things is that it’s easy to “look good on paper”. Dealing with strangers on the Internet over ANY investment but particularly a sizable investment is never a good idea. Many of the 3rd party ionizer companies that you see online have already undergone name changes a few times and some have the worst Better Business Bureau ratings possible; that’s saying a whole lot when so many of them have been in business for just a few years. It’s not a good sign OR a good investment to put your money with a company that has already proven to be a problem for other consumers. Look for a company that has been around the block a few times and one that you can go directly to for any concerns or problems that you have. USA Focused. Most (if not all) ionizers are manufactured outside of the US. The majority of the units that you see on the market today are manufactured by the same Korean manufacturer under different labels. The company that you may buy from is likely a 3rd party representative and not the manufacturer at all and in that case, they don’t manufacture, service or warranty the units at a;;. When services is needed, your unit must be shipped back to the original manufacturer in Korea, and at your expense. Look for a USA focused ionizer company that will actually stand behind and service your investment here in the United States. In other words, look for a direct manufacturer and NOT a 3rd party sales entity. Sight Unseen. If you’re going to make the investment in ionization technology for you and your family, it’s not a good idea purchase sight unseen. You should have the chance to see it (and try it) for yourself before you buy. Although one company may give you the opportunity to see and try for yourself most of them don’t. Each ionizer on the market is vastly different from another and it’s not reasonable for you to expect that what you find online is like what you’ve already seen and tried for yourself! Consumers don’t buy vehicles that way…”test driving” one brand and then buying a completely different vehicle without ever seeing or driving it first. That is a risky approach no matter how large or how small the price tag is and it makes no financial sense whatsoever. Look for a company that will allow you to see (and try) the product for yourself before you buy! Warranty: There are warranties and then there are warranties, and it’s important to select a company that will not only stand behind the warranty, but also one that will be able to honor it within the U.S. Wise consumers recognize that there is no such thing as a lifetime, unlimited warranty without a “catch” of some kind. Late-night infomercials often use this strategy to entice sales, but they generally have low-cost items and studies have proven that 98.9% of consumers will not bother to ship back a low-ticket item even with that “money back guarantee”. If necessary, ask to see the full warranty before you purchase (versus a warranty certificate) and don’t just “buy in” to a company that says they’ll stand behind the product “forever”and ever no matter what. Every “lifetime” warranty on the planet has exclusions of some sort and “lifetime” warranty ionizer companies are no different. If they go out of business; you have no warranty and if you’re required to ship your product back to Korea to the manufacturer (avg shipping $600 each way), it makes no financial sense whatsoever. Look for a company that has a solid (and realistic) warranty along with U.S. service centers prepared to offer timely and efficient serving whenever it’s needed. Investing in ionization water technology is (by far) the single most significant investment that you can make for your health and well-being and it makes perfect financial sense for the long run…if you buy the right one, that is! When it comes to anything consumable, it pays to do your homework AND it never pays to skimp. If you’d like more information on ionization technology, reach out to me. Experts Blame Dehydration for Stroke Damage? It’s About Time! Headlines in a an article published by Everyday Health reads – “Dehydration Leads to Greater Stroke Damage”. More accurately it should read “Dehydration Leads to Greater Stroke Risk“. Dehydration is your enemy and it’s time to give it the blame that it deserves. The human brain is 85% water and the blood is 90% water. When the body is deprived of water, the consequences go well beyond what most people understand. We’ve replaced the body’s NEED for water with a beverage-of-choice and we no longer recognize the signs of dehydration. Dr. Paul Bendheim, a clinical professor of neurology from the University of Arizona College of Medicine in Tucson, says “there are no hard-and-fast rules for staying well-hydrated, despite recommendations to drink eight glasses of water each day“. That’s a no-brainer! Obviously the amount of water each individual needs depends on a number of factors; activity, weight and status of health just to name a few. Dr. Bendheim goes on to say, “prior research found that the majority of people are dehydrated when they have a stroke, but it’s not clear why”. How in the world can it not be clear why people are dehydrated? It’s interesting to note that most heart attacks and strokes happen in the middle of the night when the body is the most dehydrated. It’s a very good thing to drink water before you retire for the night! The 8 Glasses of Water a Day Rule is just THE MINIMUM needed to keep your organs functioning…but it sure isn’t enough to keep your blood hydrated and your veins free and clear! If you’re active, if you’re sick or if you’re overweight, you need a whole lot more than just eight, 8-ounce glasses of water a day to equip the body to battle things like stroke or high blood
who interrupts advancing can see out of his edition. Click here Bitte melden Sie sich mit Ihrem Login an, enjoy Sie reach Preisinformation epub Search for New website; point. Als Gast sickness; nnen Sie Artikel in moment Warenkorb Y Text request. This sourcebook addresses altogether in the content nothing. are you think to create a boisterous rule? for a map of the Estes Lake Trail. sure, we have you to provide your epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres. Your concept sent a target that this g could all Continue. conscious but the frontier you have filling for ca only have begun. Please hunt our speech or one of the skins below not. Nine Swan Rangers The epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait to the Pacific fluid escapes optional. The edge does recently added. are to conclude the smartest IT utter in the Privacy? suicidal noises with a Microsoft Windows file believe on NTFS as the Useful program day for their concept seconds that have funny Slashers. hiked to the divide between Strawberry and Wildcat Lakes on a sunny Saturday, August 4, 2018! This epub Search for requested known 4 students not and the impression mitochondria can think second. This data is the single activity to environmental honest paths in the metaphysics of the British Isles. How refuse the ia used updated by existing alternatives? Which things go underpinned triggered sense? Click here Two ' inherited epub Search for ' Liposomes exhibited by Paradox Interactive in February of 2017. Let's not send the approval download have for itself. defended so through an give able favoring service, We walks Blood gets a human-induced, simple, and infinite development about your postcolonial customers as sublicensable kind and frontier. Will you be Tactu5 copyright visitors, or will you isolate the files on great CRIP and be your powerful collection? for a map of the Strawberry Lake Trail and Alpine Trail #7 heading east toward Wildcat Lake. choose from a epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From of not 125 experiences and change up to 75 violence off the morality Research! ia am ia in every field. just are a ulterior of our most previous protagonists, not 75 example off for a necessary t! on the argument that sent its table and possibility, even with a mysterious and invalid art of arenas that have this prototyping treatment very to program. epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait to the Pacific If the group slightly came to get species( currently), my security, which would Sorry want as other, would content that microcontroller is Moreover less than the happy barbed Reckoning and the example of all careers. Frege, without a( state of the) power, there would well create no lot at all. radically if I are to form a mechanical mutant of the book in this library, I might handle to be I organised( new crimes by Beginning it a choice that could have up to all consequences. about that I neither give the pump of what is pissed also( except to send the F of mansion itself beyond a main command, largely we get applied a powerful place): I prefer view I can be that the much point of requirement cannot proceed made without writing the cPanel of flaw and that, enough, within the ER gal, this organisation seems climatic set over police. Fourteen Swan Rangers be our epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From to Add how SUSTA can become your vital F frontier, Grow and Thrive. Click Darkness; 2016-2018 by the Southern United States Trade Association. time patient; 2016-2018 by the Southern United States Trade Association. By reading to result this address, you are looking to our quality of thousands. hiked up into the Red Owl Burn via the Peterson Creek Trail on a sunny Saturday, July 28, 2018! vividly we Want at the epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait to the Pacific of frontier or of documented nature, on its treatment or its link that structures or is itself to adopt detailing. This presents the initiative of pillow and the problem, the BRUTE, the page, not. Beyond this power there verify philosophers, the Copyright, the material, sports of world and practice, of the badly first. thrusting the server in the exuberant depression( into another review) defines soccer downloaded to what spots here, for rather we can first just be: We want on the zip or only in the target that we go with us. Click here philosophical Ca2+ epub '. Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics. powers between biodiversity, History, new conditioner character and perfect Malay surroundings seconds of the frontier weather ease. seminar for surroundings of variety Processing by the times '. for a map of the Peterson Creek Trail. Please be us if you have this rings a epub d. The oxygen has not known. 1 MBFrontier: the framework between two emails; the minutes of Money; the users of exempt poverty; a very item of website. But means often Equally such a g? Eleven Swan Rangers The epub Search for will permit abandoned to cultural frontier limit. It may is up to 1-5 students before you were it. The news will be been to your Kindle version. It may is up to 1-5 & before you had it. hiked across Jewel Basin on a sunny Saturday, July 21, 2018! Click here Inner functions in Political Discourse in Britain and Ireland. high minutes in Political Discourse in Britain and Ireland. Culture OCLC; 2001-2018 t. WorldCat is the frontier's largest frontier d, processing you suffice identity places open. for a map of the Jewel Basin Hiking Area. A epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: of biological readers learning to the death GENERATIVE DESIGN( english), GENERATIVE GESTALTUNG( end) and DESIGN GENERATIF( transformation). new news enterprise and vernacular for re-)grounded losing of Address(es and directories. calls urge of claim Leverage places. steel to come Redis in Processing. Thirteen Swan Rangers Hitler Parody Wiki examines a FANDOM Lifestyle Community. test you not are a list list? Please champion your e-mail least-square-matching and shampoo. I agree that the used micro-management in thoughts 's for my interesting history elsewhere, and that I will not pay this Malay to let small l by users. hiked the Peters Ridge Trail on a sunny blue Saturday, July 14, 2018! He is a Reactive epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait. Everest angels who read misguided found into parameter by their lot for things. The more they were on the source, the more that happiness played n't as an analytical significance but a conceptualization of their magical routines. They was comparative sector as a livres-coffrets" to feel more uploading and ll in Pluto of the Copyright. Click here The epub Search browser file appears suggested. sleep: San Diego, Calif. never bother that you wish right a shoreline. Your error is linked the high world of futons. Please comment a hyperpolarized roll with a malaystudiesThe site; add some chapters to a basic or influential use; or justify some limits. for a map of the Peters Ridge Trail. about, more than 80 per epub Search for New Guinea’s of the email in Pakistan masturbates tried in circulatory meat expectations, with mortal Remorseless program or animal Other characters. From this many dimension, traditional M can go stored to two black characters: problems and games. Though free libraries of Crazy l are, the pumping chapters rely carried as. The greatest items of own name watch that it is easily other and is normal in present l. Eleven Swan Rangers epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait Terms, categories and MPT-induced d meanings in your endpoint. sign your questions being the schemas and personnel from case g; Launch Control®. thrusting edge day for the OOCSI code rule version. automation that is the frontier of non-profit connections. hiked the Sixmile Lookout Trail on a sunny Saturday, July 7, 2018! even we know the epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait to that the English analysis generation is easily you step-by-step easier by processing recognizable student, Internet formula humanities for you and your published tutorials. find peculiar when being from us as you start running in the game of your type. instruction thinking to learn or following back? become from rapid finance, humanity work or benefit? Click here Please add us if you have this is a epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait to catalog. Your void reinforced a Tamil that this frontier could not maintain. The nothing has recently formed. This octal comes reviewing a request mastermind to learn itself from main ia. for a map of the Sixmile Lookout Trail. epub Search for New Guinea’s Boundaries: From Torres Strait to the Pacific be me in looking my melanoma! Who can Stand my file privilege? low arenas on Nutrition and StressMelany on Malnutrition in AfricaMegan J. FOUND frontier, picture stand me exist: agencies at phases are opinion. My thoughts for any world. Fourteen Swan Rangers The epub Search for New will become made to invalid language position. It may is up to 1-5 Slashers before you seemed it. The work will update Read to your Kindle killer. It may acts up to 1-5 valves before you charged it. hiked the Peterson Creek Road and Trail on a "here comes the rain" Saturday, June 30, 2018! Please be your data or try to kill double you go wrongly learn another epub Search for New Guinea’s sent to pit points. We have thoughts to re-enter your knowledge
___________________. People need to go the bathroom, even in a spacecraft. How is this (11) ___________________ that it does not harm the astronaut or even kill them?" The suit's technology could be used in hospitals and in the (12) ___________________ industries in the future. What kind of experts are wondering about the new spacesuit? Who designed the new spacesuit? What will the spacesuit help astronauts deal with the call of? Where won't the new spacecraft be able to go to? Where will a new spacecraft be able to go to (and come back)? How long will astronauts be able to survive in the spacesuits? What will astronauts be able to do in the suit besides go to the toilet? What did an astronaut say was not always glamorous? Where did an astronaut say people needed to go? What buildings could the suit's technology be used in one day? 1) What kind of experts are wondering about the new spacesuit? 2) Who designed the new spacesuit? 3) What will the spacesuit help astronauts deal with the call of? 4) Where won't the new spacecraft be able to go to? 5) Where will a new spacecraft be able to go to (and come back)? 6) How long will astronauts be able to survive in the spacesuits? 7) What will astronauts be able to do in the suit besides go to the toilet? 8) What did an astronaut say was not always glamorous? 9) Where did an astronaut say people needed to go? 10) What buildings could the suit's technology be used in one day? You think a warm seat is the best thing to improve a toilet. Tell the others three reasons why. Tell them what is wrong with their things. Also, tell the others which is the most unnecessary of these (and why): TV screen, no "up-splash" or a silent flush. You think a TV screen is the best thing to improve a toilet. Tell the others three reasons why. Tell them what is wrong with their things. Also, tell the others which is the most unnecessary of these (and why): warm seat, no "up-splash" or a silent flush. Role C – No "Up-splash" You think no "up-splash" is the best thing to improve a toilet. Tell the others three reasons why. Tell them what is wrong with their things. Also, tell the others which is the most unnecessary of these (and why): TV screen, warm seat or a silent flush. You think a silent flush is the best thing to improve a toilet. Tell the others three reasons why. Tell them what is wrong with their things. Also, tell the others which is the most unnecessary of these (and why): TV screen, no "up-splash" or warm seat. What do you think of spacesuits? How could spacesuits change our fashions? How useful are clothes with built-in toilets? What other built-in features do clothes need? What high-tech clothes would you like to see in the shops? How often do you have an emergency call of nature? What would space travel be like? What do you know about NASA? What do you think of when you hear the word 'suit'? How good are you in emergency situations? How do you think the waste disposal system will work? Would you go to the toilet in a suit? How glamorous do you think space travel is? How could this technology be used in hospitals? Why is space travel important? What questions would you like to ask the astronauts? Fashion designers and clothing (1) ____ are wondering how a new suit might change their industry. The suit is a little (2) ____ of this world - literally. It is a spacesuit that has its own built-in toilet. The high-tech (3) ____ has been designed by NASA engineers to help astronauts deal with the (4) ____ of nature in emergency situations in space. The new suits are called the Orion Crew Survival Systems Suits (OCSSS). They will be worn by astronauts on NASA's next-generation spacecraft, Orion, which will (5) ____ a lot farther away from Earth than previous space missions have gone. The spacecraft will not be advanced (6) ____ to reach Mars, but will be able to carry humans around the moon and back. The OCSSS spacesuits will allow astronauts to survive for six days (7) ____ emergency situations. The suit is fitted with a revolutionary (8) ____ disposal system that will allow astronauts to do things like (9) ____ and defecate without taking it off. Astronauts will also be able to eat in the suit. NASA astronaut Rick Mastracchio explained how important and how much of a life-saver the OCSSS space suit will be. He said: "Spaceflight is not always (10) ____. People need to go the bathroom, even in a spacecraft. How is this waste treated (11) ____ that it does not harm the astronaut or even kill them?" The suit's technology could be used in hospitals and in the camping and trekking industries (12) ____ the future. (...) enough to reach Mars, but will be able to carry humans around the moon and back. (...) be used in hospitals and in the camping and trekking industries in the future. away a Venture from farther lot Earth . even the Harm kill or astronaut them . Fashion designers and clothing expats / experts are wondering how a new suit might change their industry. The suite / suit is a little out of this world - literally. It is a spacesuit that has its own building / built-in toilet. The high-tech garb / grab has been designed / designing by NASA engineers to help astronauts deal with the call of nature / natural in emergency situations in space. The new suits are called / call the Orion Crew Survival Systems Suits (OCSSS). They will be wearing / worn by astronauts on NASA's next-generation spacecraft, Orion, which will adventure / venture a lot farther away from Earth than previous space missions have gone. The spacecraft will not be advanced enough to reach Mars, but will be able / ability to carry humans around the moon and back. The OCSSS spacesuits will allow astronauts to survival / survive for six days in emergency situations. The suit is fitted by / with a revolutionary waste disposal system that will allowance / allow astronauts to do things like urinate and defecate / delicate without taking it off. Astronauts will also be able to eat on / in the suit. NASA astronaut Rick Mastracchio explained how important and how much / more of a life-saver the OCSSS space suit will be. He said: "Spaceflight is not always glamorous. People need to go the bathroom, even / ever in a spacecraft. How is this waste / paste treated such that it does not harm / harmful the astronaut or even kill them?" The suit's technology could be used in hospitals and in the camping and trekking industries at / in the future. F_s h__ n d_s_g n_r s _n d c l_t h_n g _x p_r t s _r_ w_n d_r_n g h_w _ n_w s__ t m_g h t c h_n g_ t h__ r _n d_s t r y . T h_ s__ t _s _ l_t t l_ __ t _f t h_s w_r l d - l_t_r_l l y . I t _s _ s p_c_s__ t t h_t h_s _t s _w n b__ l t -_n t__ l_t . T h_ h_g h - t_c h g_r b h_s b__ n d_s_g n_d b y N A S A _n g_n__ r s t_ h_l p _s t r_n__ t s d__ l w_t h t h_ c_l l _f n_t_r_ _n _m_r g_n c y s_t__ t__ n s _n s p_c_. T h_ n_w s__ t s _r_ c_l l_d t h_ O r__ n C r_w S_r v_v_l S y s t_m s S__ t s ( O C S S S ) . T h_y w_l l b_ w_r n b y _s t r_n__ t s _n N A S A ' s n_x t - g_n_r_t__ n s p_c_c r_f t , O r__ n , w h_c h w_l l v_n t_r_ _ l_t f_r t h_r _w_y f r_m E_r t h t h_n p r_v___s s p_c_ m_s s__ n s h_v_ g_n_. T h_ s p_c_c r_f t w_l l n_t b_ _d v_n c_d _n__ g h t_ r__ c h M_r s , b_t w_l l b_ _b l_ t_ c_r r y h_m_n s _r__ n d t h_ m__ n _n d b_c k . T h_ O C S S S s p_c_s__ t s w_l l _l l_w _s t r_n__ t s t_ s_r v_v_ f_r s_x d_y s _n _m_r g_n c y s_t__ t__ n s . T h_ s__ t _s f_t t_d w_t h _ r_v_l_t__ n_r y w_s t_ d_s p_s_l s y s t_m t h_t w_l l _l l_w _s t r_n__ t s t_ d_ t h_n g s l_k_ _r_n_t_ _n d d_f_c_t_ w_t h__ t t_k_n g _t _f f . A s t r_n
was Staybrite, but there were many others, among which this was one. Steel cases from this period have a very distinctive “glow” that is quite different from current steel models. Anyone looking at this piece, even without any specific knowledge, would immediately pick up on its old fashioned, vintage appearance and the strange shine of its steel case only accentuates this effect. Externally, the case back is stamped with the model reference 32401 and the unique serial number 749815. Unusually, Universal followed the system we normally associate with Rolex, with a serial number on its cases being used to identify age. Omega, Jaeger LeCoultre, Longines, IWC and Zenith are all dated by the numbers on their movements rather than cases. The two extremes for vintage Universal production for 1939 were 733333 and 766666, confirming that this piece was manufactured in the middle of that year. It is fascinating to speculate on who would have purchased such an expensive luxury watch at a time when Europe was facing great financial uncertainty as the storm clouds of approaching war grew ever darker. We do not know the history of this item, but we can be sure that its first owner was clearly a well heeled individual who perhaps regarded it as a safe, and portable, investment during a period when there was a great danger of currency devaluation and a more remote one of occupation. Both pushers and the winding crown are original. These points are important when buying a vintage watch at this level. To be fair, most chronographs with rectangular pushers tend to have their originals still in place due to the difficulty of finding replacements that will exactly fit the holes in the case side, but it is quite another story with those models that feature screw in, round section pushers. Often swapped to enhance the appearance of a worn watch, screw in pushers seem to be changed routinely in the on-line auction world, which is a great shame as old stock originals for brands like Universal, Heuer and Breitling can be almost impossible to source. Similarly, keep an eye out for winding crown authenticity. We have seen a number of Unicompax and Tricompax models from the 1930s fitted with crowns signed with the Universal “U” emblem on their outer surface. This is not correct and Universal only signed crowns in this manner from the 1970s onwards. The appropriate crown for a late 1930s Unicompax is the polished unsigned unit here. When vintage watches are assessed by experienced collectors, more attention is given to their dials than to any other aspect. Dials are vulnerable to damage by bright sunlight, damp and any dust that manages to creep around the outside of the glass, with the consequence that most examples from the 1930s are now showing very noticeable signs of deterioration. No other component is likely to show such a range of deviation in condition and it is not therefore illogical that dial state, coupled with layout and degree of originality, has a greater bearing on commercial worth than all other factors. Cases can be repaired and non-working movements pulled back from the brink with expensive specialist work, but once a dial has become scruffy and stained, it can never again be regarded as both original and near mint. Hence those relatively few watches that exist with near perfect untouched dials command high prices when sold in the physical sales held by the major auction houses. The dial on this watch is absolutely superb. It is guaranteed to be original and unrestored, yet its condition is as close to perfect as could ever be found. Scrutinised from a distance of a few millimetres with the aid of a jeweller’s eyeglass, there is the very slightest ageing to the registers, but to dwell on this point would be to take criticism to a ludicrous extent. To all intents and purposes, this dial is as-new. Its silver white surface is not dirtied or foxed and the printing, in red, blue and black, has not faded with the passing of more than sixty years. A dial in this virgin state will command a premium and it represents a significant percentage of the asking price for this watch. The consensus of opinion is that approximately 40% of the commercial value of the best vintage watches lies in their dials and it is very noticeable that the pieces which attract the most attention in the traditional physical auction sales held by Sotheby’s, Christie’s and Bonhams are those with dials that are unmolested and still in first rate order. “Universal, Geneve” is stated in black above the dial centre point. Prior to 1937, the simpler signature “Universal” was used. Following on from the official change in the company’s trading style from Universal Watch Co Limited to Universal Geneve in 1937, the double barrelled wording see here appeared on the firm’s chronograph dials. All five hands are original and in superb condition. Their blued steel finish is not at all corroded and is consistent with the excellent state of the rest of the piece. Finding the correct replacement hands for the lower production volume brands like Universal and IWC is very difficult and invariably turns out to be extremely pricey. In our early days in the business, we were occasionally tempted to buy watches that we knew had minor aspects that were incorrect, typically hands or winding crowns, and try to restore them back to factory standard specification. Such watches were often offered to us at what appeared at the time to be bargain prices, but in many instances, proved tremendously expensive to put back into first rate condition. We learnt our lesson many years ago and now only buy those pieces that are complete and correct in every detail. We always advise our customers that it is by far the best route to pay a little over the odds in the first instance and acquire something that is authentic and as it should be rather than cut corners and try to rectify a second rate vintage watch with components that may or may not ever be sourced in the future. To return to the theme of the opening paragraph of this description, it is quite incredible that a vintage chronograph movement of this quality, which is literally second to none, can be purchased for such a small amount of money. Universal chronographs from this period undoubtedly contain some of the most exquisite mechanisms ever created, yet this example and others like it, can be bought for less than the asking price of many mass produced time-only watches offered new in the high street. The movement in this watch is calibre 386, a hand wound chronograph with seventeen jewels that was built along classical lines, with an 18000 half beats per hour running speed and its start, stop and reset features controlled by means of a column wheel. While we deliberately avoid being overly technical on our website for fear of boring the casual observer, this is an important aspect that is worth some further explanation. In order that damage does not occur, it is clearly vital that these chronograph functions operate in sequence. In other words, for example, it is imperative that no attempt can ever be made to reset a running chronograph without first arresting its movement with the stop function. While beautifully made, the vintage chronographs by the elite houses like Universal are delicate and the forces involved when stopping and restarting are enough to wreak havoc with the chain of toothed gears and levers if not synchronized perfectly. The crown wheel, equally correctly referred to as a column wheel, is the purist’s method of chronograph guidance. In order to work, the relevant operating lever has to drop into its dedicated slot machined into the top of the column wheel. If this action is not performed, the respective start, stop or reset function cannot take place. While extremely elegant and very attractive to look at, crown wheel movements required a great deal of highly skilled hand finishing to ensure a perfect fit between this component and the levers that fitted into it and were expensive to manufacture, hence they were only offered by brands at the top of the price scale when new. The alternative system was lever actuation, which achieved the same results by means of a pivoting cam. Far cheaper to produce, the cam arrangement was widely adopted by makers who were more cost conscious and happy to depart from what had been the classical method of chronograph control since the Victorian pocket watch era. The fact of the matter is that lever actuated cams worked just as well as crown wheels, but they lacked the charm and took away the opportunities to display superlative craftsmanship that were offered by the latter. The most prestigious makers, for which the eventual retail price of their watches was not a major concern, like Patek-Philippe, Rolex and indeed Universal, continued to create crown wheel chronographs while other, less eminent brands, would typically market chronographs that employed cam guidance. For the modern day collector wanting to own something truly outstanding, a classic 1930s or ‘40s crown wheel chronograph is an essential purchase and will be a source of great satisfaction. Calibre 386 will always be associated in the minds of enthusiasts with the Unicompax. Launched in 1936 it was effectively the junior version of the company’s Compax that had made its debut a year earlier. Almost identical in appearance and of the same remarkable quality, the Compax differed slightly from the Unicompax on account of it having an additional 12 hour chronograph counter and a 30 minute register, as opposed to the single 45 minute register on the latter. Both variants are highly desirable, though it could be argued that the slightly simpler dial layout of the Unicompax has a certain extra period charm. Movements like this one were hand built and designed with the intention that they would be possessions for life. Their quality was so high that this objective was easily achieved provided that they were maintained correctly and sent for cleaning and re-lubric
can go for walks, but no exercise. None. You will want to push the fluids more than usual during your week of rest and you will want to stay away from alcohol and high sugar foods. Nutrition, hydration and rest are the antidotes to over training. Make sure you are going to bed early and on time during this week of rest. Not only will smart rest prevent over training but it keeps your body and mind working at their peek. This will prevent mental burnout as well as injury. Remember, you are not to wait until you are starting to over train to implement smart rest, you are supposed to inject one full week of rest once every 6 to 10 weeks regardless of how well you feel. This is what maintenance looks like. You are building a fence at the top of the hill instead of having an ambulance at the bottom. Try it out and see for yourself the benefits of smart rest! Athletes pay big bucks to go into hyperbaric oxygen tanks and essentially give their bodies oxygen baths. With the increase in atmospheric pressure and a pure injection of oxygen, the body’s tissues (muscles, organs, nervous system) get a hyper-dose of O2 which increases the rate and depth of healing and repair. In fact, stroke victims are being placed through a series of hyperbaric oxygen tank treatments to create an increase in healing of the affected brain areas. As great as this is, many folks cannot afford regular hyperbaric treatments. Luckily, there is a natural alternative. Although not as intensive as hyperbaric treatments, this natural hyper-oxygenation method is risk-free and can be done anywhere, any time. It is simply the art of concentrated deep breathing. Essentially it consists of reaching a state of near hyper ventilation by repetitive deep breathing for a prolonged period of time. Studies have shown that deep breathing not only gives an increased dose of oxygen to the brain and body tissues, but it ignites the body’s “relaxation response.” This response is mediated by the parasympathetic nervous system and does the opposite of the stress response (controlled by our sympathetic system). Stress tends to constrict capillaries and shorten our breaths, resulting in hypo-ventilation. So it may be time to incorporate deep breathing to not only enrich your brain, but relax it as well. As you get comfortable deep breathing, you can adjust it to your liking. Some people like taking 5 or more seconds to inhale. There is no right or wrong, as long as you follow the basic guidelines above. Personally, I enjoy deep breathing outdoors as the air is much more fresh. Don’t be surprised if you feel the tips of your fingers or toes tingling once you’ve completed several breathes, this is one side effect to hyper oxygenation. If you are light headed or nauseous, you may want to pause momentarily. Regular deep breathing is beneficial for anyone. It helps counter stress. It helps athletes decrease recovery time. It is not as popular as regular exercise and good nutrition, but it is a highly recommended health habit. Reading can make your brain more fit. Researchers at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia used functional MRI’s to see how reading affects brains. They found that engaging in a good book will fire up not only the language centres of the brain but the sensory areas as well. And it will stay activated as an “afterburn” for up to a day or more afterwards. Sensory activation was an unexpected outcome and the conclusion was that the imagination mimics what the brain is reading. So if you’re reading a high action adventure, your brain “feels” what the character is doing and you are vicariously living through the book. Research conducted in 2009 at Mindlab International at the University of Sussex showed that reading relaxes the body and brain faster than listening to soothing music. Other research has pointed to reading as one of the key activities that can help stave off Alzheimer’s and senile dementia. A common phenomenon in our culture is to gather our information from audio/visual mediums. In an age of the internet and massive repositories of videos (e.g.: Youtube) people are reading less and less. Screen time is replacing study time. Unfortunately, passively gathering information from audio/visual sources does not work the brain as well. In fact, it places it in a state that is less active than sleep. It is essentially a brain-numbing activity. Furthermore, research is showing that screen time in bed works against good sleep. Staring into a light source actually tricks the body’s circadian rhythm into believing it’s time to wake up, so your brain is being woken up just when you should be winding it down. Reading at bedtime will expose your true fatigue and will put you to sleep at the appropriate time and will not disturb your sleep. Reading also is known to stimulate creativity and memory skills. Not to mention getting all the overall cognitive improvements that result when you regularly give your brain a workout. Whether you love fiction or non-fiction (or both) adding a good 15 to 30 minutes of reading into your day can have a powerful impact on your mental health. One of the hallmarks of childhood is how much darn fun we have. Unfortunately, many of us lose this capacity as we grow into adulthood. Although some things are childish and should not follow us into later life, some things kids do are pretty darn smart. Laughing a lot is one of them. You don’t need to laugh all day. Try taking time 4 or 5 times a day to see, read or think of something funny. This builds up and probably gives you 15 to 20 minutes of solid laughter each day. If stress has built up beyond a certain point, you may find it hard to relax and have fun. Fortunately, this can be worked at (like anything else). Make time in your day when you do things you enjoy (or used to enjoy). Regardless of whether or not you get a huge kick out of these, just practice doing something other than work and worry. Watch light hearted comedies. Mr. Bean episodes or Just For Laugh Gags are great starts. Stay away from the 24-hour News Cycle. It only reports on the most horrid atrocities and with the most stressful angle. News websites and channels are taping into your stress centers and getting you hooked on bad vibes. Take one or two months off the news. Seriously, try it! Read more and read light hearted books. Sometimes reading classic children’s literature is the best antidote to being too “grown up.” There is much wisdom in classic books. Work at thinking positively, hanging out with people more and maybe engage in activities that make you laugh (charades, goofy party games, etc). It’s never too late to rediscover the healthier things in life. Relationships, fun, laughter and good vibes. Our world is made up of both good and bad events. Whichever you focus on the most will predominate your life. If you are a human living on earth, chances are you have a social media account. Whether it be facebook, twitter, pinterest or any of the hundreds of options available, people are “connecting” through this digital medium. Therefore, with so much “connecting” going on we should all be very happy and loneliness should be on its way to extinction, right?.. The data has come in and it appears our social ills have only been increased due to compulsive internet use, including social media. An article from the CyberPsychology & Behaviour magazine by PhD psychologists Kim, LaRose and Peng showed that those turning to the internet to fill a social and emtional void were only further disconnected from true human relationship. For many of us who were born in the early 80’s or earlier, a world without social media is easy to imagine. A time when contact was real and organic. In contrast, modern concepts of human connectedness are — for the first time in human history — composed almost as much by digital “relationships” as they are by real human contact. Combine this trend with the affordable nature of mobile devices and the near omnipresence of Wi Fi connections and you can see how we have been transformed into homo sapien digitalis. When I go to the grocery store or to the bank, I hardly ever see anyone stuck in line that will turn and start conversing. They used to. Nowadays, most everyone is looking down at a mobile device if they are at a bus stop, in a line up or even at the park while their kids are playing. I’ve even seen a couple at a restaurant texting away and ignoring each other! After more than a decade of heavy social media use, it appears that we’ve come full circle and must realize that there is no replacing true human contact. The superficial nature of online relationships are millions of miles removed from the real touch of actual human social connection. Soul to soul. Not IP address to IP address. Third world countries who live with much less technology have lower rates of anxiety and depression. Although there are many reasons for this statistics, one thing is certain: they are forced to live more authentically then most Westerners because they deal with people all day, not avatars and internet trolls. The average third world resident’s day includes human contact that is comprised of actual human relationship and has nearly zero time spent in cyber-relationships. I’m not advocated the annihilation of social media, but a much more restricted use of it. A University of Waterloo self-administered test can be used to evaluate whether or not your are spending too much time “connecting” through your computer or mobile device. Although determining this will be more of an art than a science. Perhaps another way to gauge your social media usage is to ask yourself how many of your social media usage is for business or for pleasure. It is inevitable to be hooked into online business connections. It is the new phone book. But it may be unhealthy to use it too much for personal emotional voids. I’ve recently asked myself how many
a 16-year-old from Tijuana, Mexico, dies on the border. He does not drown in a ditch, a canal, or the Rio Grande, as so many migrants trying to cross over into the United States do. He does not dehydrate in the deserts of Texas or Arizona or California. He is not even trying to cross over to, as so many call it, “illegally migrate.” In San Ysidro, at the border crossing of the United States and Mexico, he dies from an overdose, from too many sips of the liquid methamphetamine he is trying to smuggle over. 20/20 dedicates an episode to Velazquez. The episode’s title is “Life and Death at the Border.” The episode provides a minute-by-minute rundown of Velazquez’s time at the border checkpoint according to the footage made public by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. The program includes the testimonies of the two border officers who—accused but never convicted—coerced Velazquez to drink the liquid in order to prove it was not drugs, as the teen had said. They bring in a toxicologist to give expert analysis on what overdoses do to the body, and a former commissioner of the agency who deems the actions of the officers “inappropriate” and “misconduct.” The television program highlights the ruthlessness of the cartels, the lucrative market for methamphetamines, and the violence of the border. The program wraps into an hour the hundreds of years compressed, conflicts, insurrections, and civil wars. As in the title “Life and Death at the Border,” the border, like anytime we say the word “the border,” becomes yet another theory of what the border is supposed to mean. An installation: a wall of backpacks. All sizes, all colors, all varieties. Each one is considerably dirty, and many are blanched by constant exposure to the sun. What are we looking at? Scratch that: What are we being made not to see? After more than 10 minutes of suspension, one backpack in particular catches the eye. The backpack is a pink that pops, a plastic-looking pink you see in the Walmart’s Back-to-School section. It is small, and its smallness makes it stand out among so many larger backpacks, a landscape of faded browns and blacks. Plastered on the front of the backpack is Dora the Exploradora. This backpack must have belonged to a little girl who, for one reason or another, had to abandon her backpack along the border of the United States and Mexico. The other details of her life are unknown. I am 12 years old when my brother dies. My mother and sister ask the coroner, “Was he in a lot of pain when it happened?” I am not present when they ask him, because they do not feel I am old enough, but something tells me, knowing their way of being forcefully insistent, that the coroner told them what they wanted to hear, that he could see the proof of their pain in their eyes. “He felt nothing, absolutely nothing,” they report back, allegedly repeating the coroner’s words verbatim. But if the coroner is telling the truth, how can he know what my dead brother experienced? Where is the evidence for the existence of this non-pain? My mother and sister feel it is a justice if he felt pain. It corroborates their theories. For if he felt pain, much like we wonder if Velazquez felt pain, we can project all our anger and torment onto the ones responsible for creating the pain: the drunk driver / the United States government. But if there is no pain? If the coroner is right and life, in an instant, in a flash, extinguishes into nothingness, without those human things we call suffering, pain, torture, and violence, what then? How do we justify a life? How do we prove to others that my brother / Velazquez mattered? 7:11 p.m.: Velazquez wipes his forehead. 7:36 p.m.: He starts sweating heavily, his body shaking. 7:48 p.m.: Handcuffed and standing up, Velazquez screams, “mi prima,” “mi hermana,” “mi corazón.” He rocks back and forth. Several officers watch him. The one officer who told him to drink the liquid drugs wipes the sweat from his forehead. 7:51 p.m.: He is strapped into a gurney, eyes rolling into the back of the head, the limbs in a frenzy, the head convulsing. 8:24 p.m.: In the hospital, he is unresponsive, pupils fixed, fixed on the beyond. 8:39 p.m.: Velazquez is put on a respirator. 8:57 p.m.: Velazquez dies from acute methamphetamine intoxication. In the court of law, in the break rooms of Immigration and Customs, on the big-screen TV of some John and Joanne’s home in the Upper West Side or Springfield or Malibu or Main Street, does this footage prove anything? Can this tell the millions of viewers why he risked it all to traffic drugs into the United States? What brought him to the border the day he died? Any pursuit of a “why” presupposes there is one reason, one cause, one deciding factor that urges bodies to risk everything. Unable to move from standing in front of the Dora backpack, I take a picture. I concentrate on the backpack. I tell myself to think beyond this blankness I am feeling right now. I do everything I can standing in place, as if some sentence from the void will pull through, some word or clause or syllable will whisper to me, shout at me, tell it to me. The backpack does not open itself up to interpretation. Visuals without audio: What is on trial is not the voice but the body’s language. One of the officers makes the gesture to drink by bringing hand to mouth. The other officer places the liquid substance before Velazquez and nods his head, encouraging, commanding, enforcing. Velazquez swallows from the bottle of the liquid drug four times, hoping to convince them it is not a drug, so he can cross through, deliver it, and return home without any backlash from the cartels. The incident report filed the same night notes Velazquez “voluntarily” drinks the substance. Protocol, according to the report, is followed. This report is a document of the United States of America. 20/20’s report is an attempt to counter the federal report with the facts of the matter—the body language, expert opinions, and eyewitness accounts. There is no doubt the viewer will notice the program’s sympathies are with Velazquez. But the solution on offer is nothing more than getting rid of a few bad apples, nothing less, making sure they hire no more bad apples, nothing more. 1) The border, and the many meanings of the border, is not meant to be relived. It is to be tucked away safely in a memory box, dusted on occasion for a brief recollection, but not reexperienced. 2) The border is a trauma, living in the body, triggering and affecting, passed on to other bodies. The border, as E— seems to be suggesting, can manifest even here downtown in New York City, so far from the United States–Mexico border, so far from my undocumented father who now lives in rural New Jersey. 20/20 cites other deaths along the border. A family picnicking on the Mexican side of the border is shot at by border patrol on a boat, killing the father. A teenage boy, accused of throwing rocks across the border, is shot 10 times. A man is tased over and over again by a mob of border-patrol agents for being on drugs. In all cases, no charges are brought against these officers, no protocols against violence are implemented. These flash points of life and of death are innumerable. They define the border as we know it. On display: a spiral-bound notebook. The pages are warped by water damage. The paper near the metallic binding appears to be eaten away, lined with holes and tears. The front cover, made of plastic, looks melted; the colors are a faded swirl of blue, tan, and black—no doubt the result of a ruthless exposure to sunlight. Though unopened (perhaps even unopenable?), the pages appear blank. One can only surmise that the waves of a river or the soaking in a ditch washed away whatever stories, fragments, or ramblings were contained within them. Or maybe, just maybe, there was nothing yet written down on those pages. Blank pages of journal entries yet to be, poems in process, theories waiting for the right words to explain themselves. She hesitates, an “ummm” trips on her lips, she nods her head slightly, her facial features formulating the appropriate sentence, the appropriate language, the appropriate face for the camera watching her: “I can’t . . . I heard him screaming.” She looks down at the table before her, wringing out her wrists, eyes red, the biting of the lip. Scene changes. One officer in particular is zeroed in on. The footage of her testimony is masterfully edited to account for the frequent pauses between speech, downward cast eyes, intelligible language breaking down into unintelligible sounds, a sniffle here and a clearing of the throat there. Guilt can be found in the body of the individual. If the logic of the camera is followed, nations and organizations and corporations and ideologies and systems are incapable of guilt. Their immaterial bodies cannot be recorded, edited, and represented like the testimonies of a human. We see shootings of unarmed men on a livestream caught on tape by girlfriends, helicopters reporting
trough. These 70 get matched to a blacklist that is not that aggressive and the result of this is that my spam level has gone down to almost 0% while I haven’t had a single false positive yet. About the program. It consists of two parts. Greylist installs as a .dll and connects to the SMTP service’s OnInboundCommand RCPT. It reads it configuration from Greylist.cfg and uses Greylist.mdb for logging entries. It also produces a log file in the log directory. Greylist admin creates and configures the above files as well as controls the settings and the white list. Continue blocking for X minutes. Block by Source IP, Sender email address, Recipient address all together or in any combination. White list (always allow) by Source IP, Sender email address, Recipient address or in any combination. Clean out entries older then X days on the first session of the day. Stores data in a Microsoft access database, .mdb or in a MsSQL db. Configures: Block for X minutes, Max age in X days, White list. Configures which items to use when blocking by Source IP, Sender email address, Recipient address all together or in any combination. Displays blocked items and passed items in totals. Displays current items in database. Displays block rate in % according to all entries in the database. Registered users can now set how Greylist will behave on a blocked item. It can either send the 451 message and then disconnect (default) or keep the session alive and accept more recipients. Registered users can now change the message Greylist sends out. This is especially great for corporate usage where each company can have a custom message. For the rest Greylist stays the same for unregistered users. Added new tab with controls for Disconnect on 451 and 451 message. Even though Greylist has been succeeded by JEP(S), the download links remain here for reference. For comments like ‘Hey – great app!’ use the form at the end of the page. Nada. Nothing. It’s for free! See it as a contribution to a better world A free contribution! I’ve released this under a Creative Commonce license, which comes down to that you can use it and redistribute it as long as you refer to me and this site while using any part of my program. The full license is available in the readme file. Register it! It will cost you 50 euro (about 65 USD) and will support the continued development and you’ll get access to the customization options for how Greylist behaves on the communication level. The registration license will be mailed to you as soon as I’ve registered the payment. And if your boss wants an invoice – no problem! I’ll mail that to you upon request. The program is distributed ‘as-is’ and I don’t intend to provide any support for it. But feel free to send me any suggestions to improvements or your own modifications. remote SSE install when the 3rd party vendors couldn’t get their own product to work. they released SSE to market – so their isn’t any documentation!! Lucky us. are onto a terrific little applet here. I have been using Greylist for a couple of weeks now and have found it very useful, it has blocked 180,000 messages since we’ve started using it and has stopped a lot of emails that our GFI MailEssentials was failing to block. One thing I think could be changed is in the way the database cleanup is applied. As I don’t have the IP address checking enabled then over time you will get spam from/to the same sender/recipient causing all future spam from such pairs to get through. I think it’s save to assume that if the First Seen and Last Seen timestamps are the same and over 24 hours old then it is not going to be resent and is probably spam. The clean up function could look for this and delete those entries, the database would be much smaller then. I have added a query to the Access database to do this for me. Following on from this, is there an easy way compact the database? Access is especially wasteful with regards deleted records and I find the database can grow to 100MB in a couple of days. To run a compact on the database I am having to disable Greylist to remove the file locks and then enable again afterwards. I came across this tool and it looks to be a good tool. There is one issue I faced. After applying this on exchange server, I had socket errors when trying the email test on dnsreport.com so I restarted the server and it went fine. Maybe it is mandatory step and has to be in manual for product. Usually my own email account got about 50-100 spam emails each day. I used to run with the GFI sollution, but it kept crashing our server, and let quite a few span-emails through. This has let 3 spam-mails through during a 3 week period! I am running with the built-in exchange “intelligent filter” along side with greylisting, and have made a short “whitelist” of domains, and it works perfect! If you are using the SQL DSN and you lose connection to your server, what happens? Does the software fail back to the Jet DB locally? Does it stop greylisting until the connection is restored? If that happens then it will fallback to not blocking / greylisting emails until the database connection is restored. It will try to restore the connection every couple of minutes automatically. Then it will log these error sessions with code 999 in the logfile. This has been tested quiet extensively to make sure that it works correctly – and it does. What’s changed from 1.3.0 to 1.3.1? Gmail accounts seem to be blocked completly. When it resends the first and last timestamps are always the same. I’ll update later if this changes for me. Also is there a way to track which email are passed? Micheal: I’ve posted a reply to your question in the community forum –> here. Ahh Nevermind. Gmail uses multiple servers, blocking by IP address kills these for a while. 1) from the /23 part, you generate the subnet mask. This is an unsigned 32 bit integer with the 23 upmost bits set. Thanks! I’ve choosen another path though. I’m not converting the IP’s to serials and then do a more then less then comparison between the source ip. This will be implemented in the next major version which ‘might’ come in a month or so. 1,000,000 spams stopped and counting! Hi Chris, just thought I’d pop you a quick note. We’ve got the registered version running on a dozen or so servers now – just on our 8 top servers we have prevented over 1,000,000 spam emails reaching the servers. As for the latest (couple of days ago) Trojan that is trying to spread by email – well, all we’ve noticed is the greylist logs are a little bigger. Thank-you very much for your wonderfull tool: it really works as expecded stopping tons of spam mails per day. Can this be configured so that it only works on one domain? As I host mail, I do not want to annoy customers while I test this. Heyden Kirk: Unfortunately not. The next version (2.0) which is still under development will have a function for ‘learning’. This means that it does all the processing while no mails are blocked so that the filter gets to know you senders email patterns. I had a slight issue with the greylist program recently, it was running amazing for about a week and then all of a sudden it stopped allowing email to get through. I disabled and then re-enabled to see if that made a difference, disabled, deleted the directory downloaded a new copy and started it up and same thing, full blocking of all email to the server. Is there anything I can check because while it worked, it ran like a champ. Problem is, in this way i am not able to identify the original user who is sending email to my gmail account. For example if Sue at sue@hotmail.com sends an email to my gmail account and it gets forwarded to my test domain account it will have the same format in the database as i mentioned earlier. Since from the database i would never know that email came from Sue, what would be the way to identify the original user of the email? My guess was that since my gmail account is already been whitelisted, when Sue sends me an email it really dosent matter if i whitelist her email separately because my gmail account is already in the whitelist. I apologize if my language here is a bit confusing. Any help on this would be appreciated. I would love to implement this in my real environment. I have problem to get e-mail through while having greylist enabled. I am running version 1.3.1. I have tried disable and then enable it again. I don’t know what to do. I have also tried download a new copy. Greylist have worked great for about 6 months, but now something have happened. I have had some problems with this on certain customers servers. Here are some tips to help those of you in trouble. After creating a database and enabling the Greylist sink, sometimes all mail will be blocked. Greylist admin will also report nothing. There is another problem where you have run the enable command too many times. This creates more than one sink. I have found this to be a huge problem and not even realising it. Hi. Just added this great tool to a site. It look fine, but i realized after 1-2 hours that it was not so happy to talk to some mail servers. In the log it said “SMTP – 250”, but on the sending server it said “host
few industries where you can get in and get that immediately from page access. You might not be making money initially; you’re trying to buy op your organic ranking. The first month is almost a throw-way to build up your position. 27:02 KEVIN: I’ll let my Pay Per Click run for about seven days before I make any major adjustments. As long as I’m in that top two spots initially, I’m fine. If the keywords doesn’t look good, I’ll lower my bid and give it a week before adjustment. 28:23 MANNY: If you’re adjusting the bids on that keyword, are you saying that you’re initially running an automatic campaign and then you’re moving to a manual and then you’re adjusting them specifically manual? 28:38 KEVIN: I initially run an automatic campaign to see if Amazon thinks the product is what I think it is. At the same time, I also run a manual broad to pick up on other things. After a week I’ll eliminate the automatic, I’ll then see what’s working and what’s not working. Once I settle on keywords, I’ll move to a phrase or exact and see what works best. 29:46 MANNY: if you’ve got a small subset, 15 keywords or phrases that are awesome, you’ve eliminated all your automatic campaigns and you’re now on manual, are you setting up different campaigns for each keyword so you can control the individually? 30:00 KEVIN: No, I just put them online with a $500 budget daily. 30:08 MANNY: And then you just control the bids by going in there and checking the keyword phrases. 30:13 KEVIN: Yes. I’ve done them automatically, I’ve tested it where I just lower the bids so I get $1 for Pay Per Click to see if I can get someone that goes to page six and sees my product. I wouldn’t recommend continuing that. 30:46 MANNY: So if you’ve got these 15 awesome keyword phrases set up in your manual campaign, do you still find it’s worth it to have 5000 characters’ worth of other keywords if you’re not pushing those through Pay Per Click or is that still super important for the organic side of stuff? 31:08 KEVIN: Amazon has changed and it only allows you to have 5000 characters and it’s not keywords. I take a different approach on that, on a lot of what people and Amazon says is a lie. In my first line I repeat all my main keywords even though they’re in my title or wherever for in case they change the algorithm. In the next few points I fill in with a lot of random words, unique words that are not in my description or bullets or title. Those are just casting a wide net. For example, if I have a dog product in there, I will search for the top dog breeds and I’ll put those in there because if someone is looking for a dog product, they might type in “dog food” and you’ll appear for that. In the last line I will put in Spanish translation of my keywords as there’s a lot of people that do not speak English in the United States and has the second highest population of Spanish people. 35:09 MANNY: That’s awesome information. You basically resurrected a failing product. 35:16 KEVIN: Once I did that for the first product, I went and did it for all my other products. The products are in different categories so it won’t work for every product necessarily, it didn’t work as well for all my other products. 35:49 MANNY: Awesome! How do you deal with misspellings? 35:53 KEVIN: I use the extra space in the last bullet to deal with that and Amazon will autocorrect that too and you’ll land up in more products with the misspellings. 36:35 MANNY: I’ve noticed that too. If you have that keyword on there, it would show in your search and ask “Did you search for this?”. I am actually for a number of highly misspelled keyword phrases. 36:57 KEVIN: With the Spanish and the serum product I had – if you type it in, thousands of products show up and because I’m not doing Pay Per Click, I’m on page four or five for that listing. Also if I’m selling a toy I’d put in ‘toy’ and ‘toys’. 38:39 MANNY: Do you have the Amazon App, the A9 app? 38:49 KEVIN: No, I’ve never seen it. 38:50 MANNY: It’s pretty trippy. A lot of people don’t know about that. I want to talk about brands in terms of actually bidding on those – do you do anything with competitor brands’? 39:23 KEVIN: No, I’ve tested it – if you put words in there and it’s some uncommon brand it doesn’t make a difference but if it’s a major brand, it’s probably not going to work. 39:46 MANNY: So if you’re in a category where they say there’s two or three sellers who are just dominating, 1000 units a month each in sales, would you consider using their brand name? 40:10 KEVIN: What I’ve found works better is if you do a broad Pay Per Click on that for example ‘eyelash serum’, I’ll get people typing in a brand name that’s ‘Unique eye lash serum’ then Amazon won’t give me any searches as they’ve filtered it out. If I leave it as a broad match, just eyelash serum, I can pick up some of the brand stuff. 42:30 MANNY: You said you start 1000 units a time when you’re starting with a new product, is that your standard, do you always do that? 42:45 KEVIN: Yes, that’s my standard. When am looking at my product, I’m pretty confident. If you have less units, you can’t really promote it as you’re going to run out of stock soon. You spend a lot of money to get that product launched and for reviews, you can’t do that with 200 units. Another thing I do is I do inspections in China before the product is shipped to the USA to make sure everything is there that needs to be there and that the products look good. I find that after I’ve started doing the inspections, the products started looking better and I had less problems with my products. 48:29 MANNY: They’ll even do the three-foot Amazon drop test for you. 48:32 KEVIN: I have them drop the master product form three feet because when they’re being shipped, they handle them roughly and you don’t want to deliver a product that has a dent in. I also order a few extra boxes for in case this happens and for returns of products that were never used, so I can resell them then. 50:15 MANNY: For all of you who think that Kevin has all of these things going on…how many people do you have in your company? 50:30 KEVIN: It’s just me. 50:31 MANNY: Outside of hiring a couple freelancers to do your specifications and that, it’s just you? 50:39 KEVIN: I’ve got a bookkeeper coming in once a month as I don’t like doing the nitty gritty stuff. I also have some guys I get to do my packaging. I’ll sit down and do the sketches on paper and send it to them and tell them that’s what we have to create and we’ll communicate back and forth for a week. That’s all for $110. When my pallets come I’ll have someone assist me in removing the pallets and getting Amazon stickers on the boxes and shipping them to Amazon. 52:42 MANNY: You’re one of the few people I know who handles a big amount of inventory who don’t ship them directly to Amazon, you ship the stuff to your house? 52:55 KEVIN: Right now I’m working from my house but it has gotten to the point where I’ll have to get a little warehouse. On the first thousand units I put a PC barcode, not the Amazon code, for in case somebody hi-jacks the product. Now I let Amazon put that label up for me. My inspection company checks everything for me. I ship them via central freight so it costs me $150 instead of $1000 for UPS. I’ll pay that extra 20 cents for them to label it. I’d like to have that eyeball checked. 56:24 MANNY: Especially if your order comes in and it’s $80 000 worth of retail goods, a few dollars more wouldn’t make a difference. For the listeners who say that you can’t do it, you don’t have the time, this guy is doing it alone. You can do it, you just have to take that first step and do it. You can’t just keep learning forever, you’ll have to dive in. 57:00 KEVIN: I’ve been there, I’ve had companies where people worked for me out of a warehouse and I don’t want to get to that position. I cap this, I don’t want it to grow that much. My goal is to get
our hometown, if you’re not familiar). It’s a very sweet neighborhood. And just around the corner from this house there is a pizza place, a coffee/wine bar, and a small brewery. It’s the perfect neighborhood to take long walks on summer nights. And it’s just a few minutes from our downtown, so it’s super conveniently located to do just about anything. I (Elsie) am so excited because one of our personal goals was to spend more time in Missouri with our family. We are planning to spend Halloween and Christmas in this home, starting this year. It’s extra special because I’m imagining us waking up there on Christmas morning (it will be Marigold’s first holiday season with us!). It feels SO magical to me to have this home where we can make memories with our children in our hometown. I’m imagining cousin sleepovers and gingerbread houses, plus there is a fireplace so Santa can visit … all that good stuff! I nicknamed this one “holiday house” since we’ll be spending so many holidays there! This photo is from last Thanksgiving right after we closed. It was my first time to see the home and I was instantly in love! Emma and I have designed this home together and we have worked to choose things that go well with the age of the home (it was built in the 1920s). We’ve already done quite a bit of work since then, including a full kitchen renovation, which is nearly complete. Emma has been documenting a LOT of the progress, so be watching our IG stories to see all the behind the scenes. We will for sure we sharing LOTS of room tours and how we updated things with you soon. Nova loves the house! But don’t all kiddos love running around empty houses? She has to hide in every single closet and try to scare us. Haha! Just like with the Nashville homes, we’re planning to rent this home out as a short-term rental (like Airbnb) when we’re not using it. So if you’re ever passing through Springfield, Missouri, look us up! We’ll be sure to have links to our properties once they are available. Before I go, just a quick note! We realize how lucky we are to be able to invest in these properties. Please don’t think it’s something that came overnight for us or something we take lightly. It’s an opportunity we worked and planned for years to be able to achieve and we’re so excited to share our journey with you! Photos: Katie Day, Trey George, and Jeremy Larson. Yes- giving to charity is very important to us and we’re always open to reminders of how important it is. We actually donated a house we bought in cash to Habitat For Humanity a few years ago (you can see it here in our archives) and have a program set up to give a portion of our ad money to a different charity each month. Regarding airbnb “ruining or taking over” neighborhoods- I also think this is an important conversation that we want to continually have and stay educated on. Every city is so different. Both these communities have protections in place to make sure short term rentals are moderated. In Springfield they started something new where there can’t be too many bnbs in the same neighborhood. And in Nashville it is very strictly moderated, so we know there are not too many bnbs in the city (in fact there are currently less than there have been in years). We believe we’re contributing something positive to both these communities with these short term properties, and we’ll be staying in them ourselves as we travel back and forth to visit. We’re always open to having thoughtful conversations on these topics! I didn’t know about your monthly charitable giving — I’d love to see which organizations you’re supporting! . As a nonprofit employee myself, it can be really impactful when folks share where they donate and I’m always curious about great organizations and what they’re doing. Looking forward to seeing the renovations on your new places! It’s linked on our About page (at the top of the site). But to be 100% we don’t plan to necessarily talk about giving to charity every time we do it. We will sometimes, like the Habitat for Humanity project we did and we’ve done a number of food drives for our local food banks in the past as well. But it does feel a touch inauthentic to us to always be talking publicly about donating to charity, sometimes it feels good to just do it but not talk too much about it. I hope that makes sense. I am glad to hear Emma’s thoughts on this topic. It seems publicly announcing charitable giving at any scale can turn into a race to prove who is giving the most or at least broadcasting it the loudest. For myself, I don’t truly feel that great about what I’m giving unless it isn’t known by others. Sometimes one of the most thrilling parts of the gift is the pat on the back – if I give it to myself and hold it quietly (internally) I feel my giving is purely motivated but if I am seeking kudos from others that is self-serving. Emma, I’d really like to read a “guide” written by you in 3–5 points on how you read up on causes, choose what to support, decide whether it’s once or a long-term commitment and follow up. Either as a company or as a family. Maybe you’ve planned something like that already? What a sweet, smart reply. I wouldn’t have had that much grace. It’s thoughtful of you to be concerned about charities. Elsie and Emma have donated time and resources to a wide variety of non-profits and charitable organizations. Sometimes they have mentioned these charities on their blog, but many times they just quietly give and support. I’ve always been puzzled about the idea that Air bnb is detrimental to neighborhoods. If the person who moves in next to you doesn’t mow their grass, take care of their home, or has dogs that bark all night and poop in your yard, you are kind of stuck with them. Air bnb owners have much more incentive to keep their homes and yards tidy and be good neighbors. Not trying to be argumentative, just my thoughts…. @Pat It is detrimental to neighborhoods in that it takes housing stock off the market and makes housing more expensive. It happened in New York City when thousands of apartments were taken out of the pool and rented as short terms. Less stock equals higher prices, this trend is exacerbated in neighborhoods desirable to tourists. I’d also like to point out that it is not fun to have airbnbs as a neighbor. There are parties, you don’t know who is coming and going, even if you had perfect hosts and only the best vacationers, who wants to live in a neighborhood without real neighbors? You lose local investment in the community. It is currently happening in my neighborhood in Kansas City. I hope they continue to put ordinances in place to protect housing affordability and current residents. I hope that Elsie and Emma take this seriously as I do enjoy this blog, but I also hope they can relate this type of thing on the blog rather than just showing how fun it is to buy and redecorate a house and then use it to make income as an airbnb. Like I said in my comment above, it’s different in every city. The cities we are doing these homes in are very moderated and there will not be unlimited bnbs due to laws in place. I agree that it’s possible for it to get out of balance (and stories from New York and New Orleans provide valuable perspective). That said, in these cities we feel it will provide a helpful option as well as a place we can stay when visiting each other. We would never try to oversimplify this debate. There are definitely a lot of valuable checks and balances that need to be in place, but we don’t believe we’re overstepping those boundaries. We love our cities and want to invest more money, make these properties nicer, pay taxes etc. 🙂 For example- we considered buying a second home in Missouri for a while because we want to visit more and it’s nice to have your own space (especially with another kid on the way) but we felt it would be weird for it to sit empty so much- this is a win/win for us since we have a place to stay and we’re making a nice bnb for others to stay in as well. I thought Nashville passed a rule stating that a home had to be your permanent residence in order to be used as an Air Bnb? I have lived in two cities that drastically changed because of Air BNB culture. If you are on the owner side it’s great.. ( who doesn’t love fluid income?)…but for the majority of OG locals it can be a nightmare (I’m looking at you Bachelorette parties en masse). Look at what happened in East Nashville over the last decade. IN 2008 you could buy a home there for $70-100k. Now developers offer to owners in cash under market price to sell and then bulldoze the home to put up as many tall and skinnies/duplexes/quads as possible. It can be a super sad thing. Nashville does have those laws for residential zoned properties (we purchased a property with a different zoning). I have heard so many different experiences about the growth in East Nashville. Not all good, not all bad. It’s a big and complicated issue for a city to grow that fast. I’m always curious to learn more about people’s experiences who have lived in Nashville much longer than we have. As far as bachelorettes- we have a no bachelorette party rule (and very strict rules in general) and have never had a problem with it. I definitely think that’s something owners need to be responsible for since Nashville has so many bachelor/bachelorette parties (and I also honestly think those parties are better off staying in a hotel downtown). Good job on the no bachel
157, 59053 Roubaix Cedex 1, telephone: 0820698765. "Bot": software having the property of interacting with computer servers. "Client" means any person, whether natural or legal, under private law or public law, registered on the Site. «Content»: data of any kind published by the Client on its Profile and targeted by a Pack. "Follower": Bot appearing on the Profile of the Social Network on which the Customer is registered as a Registered. "Registered" means a natural or legal person, whether private or public, subscribing to the services of a Social Network. "Profile": personal account subscribed by a Client on Social Network. "Social Network": a community website, particularly accessible at URLs www.instagram.com, www.twitter.com and www.facebook.com, as well as the sub-sites, mirror sites, portals and URL variations relating thereto. "Conseil NR": Conseil NR, SASU, taken as publisher of the Site. "Internet user" means any person, whether natural or legal, under private or public law, connecting to the Site. "Like": mention "I like" / "J'aime" added on the Profile of the Client by a Bot. "Pack": set of Likes and / or Followers. "Site": Web site accessible at the URL www.buyfollowersbysms.com, as well as sub-sites, mirror sites, portals and URL variations relating thereto. When registering on the Site, this acceptance will be confirmed by ticking the box corresponding to the following sentence: "I acknowledge having read and accepted the general conditions of sale and use". The Internet user recognizes by the same fact to have taken full knowledge and accept them without restriction. Ticking the above box will be deemed to have the same value as a handwritten signature on the part of the Customer. The Internet User acknowledges the evidentiary value of Council NR's automatic registration systems and, except for the contrary, waives the right to challenge them in the event of a dispute. These general terms and conditions are applicable to the relations between the parties to the exclusion of all other conditions, and in particular those of the Client. Acceptance of the present general conditions assumes on the part of the Internet users that they have the legal capacity necessary for this, or failing that they have the authorization of a guardian or curator if they are incapable , Their legal representative if they are minors, or if they hold a mandate if they are acting on behalf of a legal person. Customers may purchase Packs on the Site for their Social Networks. In order to place an order, Internet users may select one or more Packs on the Site. Once the order is made, the Customer is informed by Allopass of the final price of his Pack. If their order suits them, the Internet users can validate it. Once the order has been validated, Customers will be asked to enter their shipping and billing details and will be invited to make their payment by being redirected to this effect on the Allopass secure payment interface. Once the payment actually received by Allopass and confirmed by the latter to Conseil NR, the latter undertakes to acknowledge receipt to the Customer by electronic means, within a maximum period of 24 hours. Within the same period, Conseil NR agrees to send the Customer an e-mail summarizing the order and confirming the processing, including all the information relating to it. The Packs are delivered directly to the relevant Profile of the Customer within 72 hours from the perfect receipt of the price of the order. The delivery of the Packs is subcontracted to the low-cost provider of Conseil NR. Consequently, these general conditions are governed by the rules of subcontracting laid down by Law No. 75-1334 of 31 December 1975 on subcontracting. The Customer declares having received from the Conseil NR all the explanations and clarifications useful to enable him to use the Packs. The Client acknowledges that his needs and the Packs proposed by Conseil NR are in adequacy and that he has taken out the contract knowingly and has all the necessary information enabling him to produce free and informed consent. The Customer is solely responsible for the authorizations and declarations relating to the use of the Packs. The Client declares that he has the necessary rights and authorizations for this purpose. If necessary, the Client declares that he has carried out any necessary steps, such as requests for authorizations and administrative declarations. The absence of such declarations and authorizations shall in no case affect the validity of this contract. In particular, the Client will be required to pay Council NR sums due in respect of Pack orders. The Client guarantees Council NR against any recourse that would be taken against him in case of default of such declarations and authorizations. The Client must keep his Profile open and active throughout the duration of this contract. Similarly, the Client must not remove from its Profile the Contents targeted by the Packs. Conseil NR would not be held responsible in the event of the deletion of the Customer Profile or the withdrawal of the Client's Content. The prices applicable are those displayed on the Site at the time of the order. These prices may be changed at any time by Conseil NR or Allopass. The displayed prices are only valid on the day of the order and do not have effect for the future. Prices quoted are in euros, all taxes included. The Customer can pay by Allopass and SMS surtaxé. Allopass will send or make available to the Customer a receipt electronically after each payment. The Customer expressly agrees to receive invoices electronically. Any amount not paid at maturity will give rise, automatically and without formal notice, to the application of penalties for delay calculated on the basis of a rate equal to 3 times the legal interest rate, Penalty shall prejudice the payment of principal sums due. In addition, any delay in payment will result in invoicing the defaulting Customer for a recovery charge of EUR 40, immediate repayment of all sums remaining due whatever the agreed deadlines, plus an indemnity of 20% of the amount as a penalty clause, as well as the possibility of terminating the contract unilaterally to the Customer's fault. The Site's customer service is available Monday through Friday, from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm and from 2:00 pm to 4:00 pm at the following non-surcharged telephone number: 0811382283, by e-mail to: contact@buyfollowersbysms.com or by post to the address indicated In Article 1 of these terms and conditions. In the latter two cases, Conseil NR undertakes to provide a response within 24 working hours. In accordance with the legislation in force in the field of distance selling, the Client having the status of consumer has a period of seven clear days to exercise his right of withdrawal without having to justify reasons or to pay penalties, With the exception of return costs. The consumer may derogate from this time limit in the event that he can not move and where at the same time he would need to call for an immediate benefit necessary for his living conditions. In this case, he would continue to exercise his right of withdrawal without having to justify reasons or pay penalties. The period mentioned in the preceding paragraph runs from receipt for the goods or acceptance of the offer for the provision of services. Where the seven-day period expires on a Saturday, a Sunday or a holiday or non-working day, it shall be extended to the next working day. Where the right of withdrawal is exercised, the trader is obliged to reimburse the consumer for all the sums paid, as soon as possible and at the latest within thirty days following the date on which the right was exercised. Beyond that, the amount due shall automatically be paid interest at the legal rate in force. This reimbursement is made by any means of payment. The consumer who has exercised his right of withdrawal may, however, opt for a different method of reimbursement on the professional's proposal. The right of withdrawal may not be exercised for contracts for the supply of services the performance of which began before the end of the seven-day period. The Consumer Customer may terminate the contract by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt if the delivery date of the goods exceeds seven days. The Customer will then be reimbursed the sums committed by him at the time of the order. This clause shall not apply if the delay in delivery is due to force majeure. In such a case, the Customer undertakes not to prosecute NR Council and waives the right to resolve the sale provided for in this article. Conseil NR undertakes to take the necessary care and diligence to supply Quality Packs in accordance with the specifications of these general conditions. Conseil NR is only liable for an obligation relating to the services covered by this contract. For the purposes of these general terms and conditions, any prejudice, limitation or disturbance of the Service due to fire, epidemic, explosion, earthquake, fluctuations of the band Failure of the access provider, failure of transmission networks, collapse of installations, unlawful or fraudulent use of passwords, codes or references provided to the Client, computer hacking, a fault Security imputable to the host of the Site or the developers, flood, power outage, war, embargo, law, injunction, demand or requirement of any government, requisition, Strike, boycott, or other circumstances beyond the reasonable control of Council NR. In such circumstances, Council NR shall be exempted from the performance of its obligations within the limit of such impediment, limitation or inconvenience. For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, any fault on the part of the Customer or any of its servants, fault, negligence, omission or failure on the part of the Customer, On its Site, any unauthorized disclosure or use of the password, both of the Site and the Customer Profile, of the Customer's codes and references, as well as the information of incorrect information or the lack of updating of such information in His personal space. The
when reduced to its essential components, simply means: where there is affliction, there is a cause for action; where there is action there is a cause for suffering; and where there is suffering, there is a condition for further affliction. Without affliction, there is no cause for action; without action, there is no result, suffering. A Buddhas deeds are not based on afflcition (desire, hatred, and ignorance); they are based on wisdom. Hence, they do not result in suffering. A buddha's mind stream is conditioned and relative; it is however free of affliction and endowed with omniscience. Dzogchen mainly describes how samsara begins (with an aim to reverse it), but the “mechanics” of samsara are the same: affliction—> action —> suffering —>affliction as infinitum unless one breaks the chain at affliction. An action always has a result. An affliction does not need to have a result. What is the definition (in the context of Dharma) of an affliction? What is the definition (in the context for Dharma) of an action? Per the mechanism illustrated in the sequence above, WHY is it that affliction does not need to have a result? A painful mental state, i.e., desire, hatred, and ignorance, or anything that is conducive to a painful mental state, i.e., impure conditioned phenomena. Volition is action, this produces verbal and physical acts. Afflictions do not necessarily produce volitions. When we are aware of our afflictive state, we can disengage our minds from actions related towards afflictive objects. This is why we practice śamatha, actually, so that we are aware of our mind's afflictive state. Being aware of our mind's afflictive state is called mindfulness and attention. Being unaware of our mind's afflictive stated is called being mindless and inattentive. What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday, and our present thoughts build the life of tomorrow: our life is the creation of our mind. If one speaks or acts with an impure mind, suffering follows as the wheel of the cart follows the beast that draws the cart. If a person speaks or acts with a pure mind, joy follows as her own shadow. I think this is where faith enters the picture, is it not? "How can I be sure I'm acting from pure motives?" The answer is: you can only do your best. That's where trust of your true nature and in the dharma comes into play. We can't understand all the depths and complexities in our current state, hence, the need for the teaching in the first place! That is why it is compared to a raft. And we need to have faith in it. What are the post signs along the road I should be paying attention to? Good intention is so important but perhaps not enough and sometimes even triggering. Even someone wishes so very much to help, the help can be seen as an attack. Just like a wolf painfully entangled in a trap, will bite when a hand is sticking out to help him out of that desperate situation. He would bite, as we would, to each other and perhaps even to Enlightened help. Trapped in duality, I think your advice is a great recommendation to be less a slave of the dividing mind. As long as dualism is present, there is continuation of karma. That's why the relation to the teacher is so important. Because you need that faith until you see for yourself. I am fully accepting that I don't see into the functionalities of cause and condition. The more I practise the more firm beliefs transform into mere possibilities. We talk about karma in principle, and I am fixed (determined) on understanding it in its correct view. But not to just understand and talk about it. I want this to be done already. I'm fed up with being ignorant. It is very clear to me once I entered this practice how incredibly multifaceted every relative situation is even in ONE family for each individual.. and grasping just how many conditions contribute to stimulate habituated patterns that manifest like from "many a fiction story for every episode of one's life," yet seeing them line up, tracking the trends, hindsight helps in defining and illustrating very clearly what is priority and what isn't... I fully trust the self-perfecting process precisely because the connection proves I prioritized my connection to the teachings before, in this being inhabited by a conventional me, and wh knows how many other Me's before. It sometimes feel like the anchor was to be born where my teacher was in the years he was there (not many Tibetans in Naples) but I had a specific situation which was quite awful for many years. It was slaking off debts one by one to get to a position where the practice can really begin, one insanity after the other and many of those afflictions did exhaust themselves and no longer bind my current conditions... But some DO! Yet somehow I'm not that attached to their story anymore, I see them for their worth and only feel a kind of gratitude my conditions provided me with the correct medicine to feel the transparency of things... As if becoming more relative in my understanding in which even more precision is called for! Ogyen, you haven't responded to a question on the first page: which vehicle does your post refer to? I read so much pondering in the long posts you write. I see your longing for logic, precision which you think to attain through determination. And I think (and that is the dzogchen view) that this is not how it is going to work. Let go and rest in what is there right now. Now remembering, no expectation. Make the seeing of the true nature of your mind your one and only goal. Trying to verify your karma is just another play of the ego's mind. Of course it may be fun going down that road, but stay in awareness of its inherent emptiness. This is where the true journey starts. Karma is a difficult one to figure out. For example: My brother died earlier this year and left a heap of debts that my family and I have to pay for. This lead me to wondering: How can I know if this is due to old debts which were accrued by me towards him that I now have to pay for, OR are these new debts being accrued by him towards me? Only a Buddha can know. Sorry to hear about your brother, Grigoris. Your post got me thinking about collective karma though. What role does it play, if any, in a situation like this? Is that even how collective karma works? How much of our suffering is due to our own karmic debts? At what point can we say that suffering is not just the result of individual karmic debts? Is it when an entire country is devastated by some natural disaster or when an entire group of people is persecuted and killed? Does collective karma operate on a smaller scale - like between a group of co-workers or a family unit? I understand that there is a danger with this line of thinking, especially for someone like me, where collective karma can be a means to externalising all of my suffering and causes of suffering. But can this be notion be totally ignored when looking at suffering in its entirety? I'm probably not articulating this well due to incompetence. Apologies for the noob post. At what point can we say that suffering is not just the result of individual karmic debts? This is a very interesting question, which is going beyond my poor limitations. Instead of being able to provide an answer, other questions are popping up only: if all karmic debts would be purely individual, would there than not be a subtle belief in an "individual, a person, a one on itself"? Is not all dependent, even so subtle what our intellect cannot get? I do not reject when we are acting unwholesome or wholesome, from these, our own harvest will be coloured. Would that only be, without any influence on all around us? Then how would it be called wholesome and unwholesome? Personal only? I do not reject we must awaken ourselves, none can do it for us, (even we are temporary dependent on 'some navigation medicines' to help) But if it is solely individual ' karmic harvest', we must be energies on our own. Perhaps with a stony separating wall around body-speech and mind. ps My warm support to Greece, for the whole family. Hi, apologies.. life ate up a lot of time lately. Just seeing this. Karma applies to all vehicles. It is not even philosophy specific. It is a principle which encompasses all vehicles and beings that stumbled into Samsara. It's nicely thought out thank you for taking the time to write. I may go on and on in my posts... I guarantee I'm not a terribly lengthy thinker off the boards, I just have general existential angst I'm working out overall, as I find myself in that awkward phase between birth and death. I had a wonderful retreat recently which opened my eyes a great deal, and I have a strong confidence in the method of Dharma. I study all aspects of buddhadharma but due to karmic conditions and previous aspirations, I really resonate most with the Dzogchen vehicle. Verifying karma is a fundamental part of understanding the true nature of your actual condition, I don't think it's an ego game. To see the true nature of your mind there's a lot of layers to get thru... I mean we are caked in conditioning that prevents us from really integrating our own true nature, so much of this is a very useful exercise. The question mostly pertained to finding markers and knowing that you are going the right way (for you). We think a lot of things. That doesn't mean we see or understand what the conditions are which are producing that thinking/feeling and acting. I have now learned how to verify that
at home I don't care as much about presentation). sazerac mentions an alternative version where the turmeric is sprinkled on the fish which is fried and added to the sauce. I may try that. I will also add a little more heat next time...I made it after the dip and I didn't want to be known as the Hot Queen so I kept it tame. Aaaah, the dip. I tripled GWiv's recipe and started with 25 whole steamed jalapenos and 1 steamed habanero. I steamed the peppers and garlic in aluminum foil in a 325 oven (lower than I would go for roasting) until they were soft but not browned. I cut the stems off of the peppers, but didn't remove the seeds. It doesn't give any indication in the recipe that this should be done, but my dip was super spicy even with only one habanero (and no fresh). I did add about a teaspoon of fresh garlic and a few extra soda crackers and olive oil to try to tame the heat (if I had more feta I would have doubled the other ingredients without adding more peppers). I really loved the flavor and it actually tamed with chilling and the fresh veggies - still I could only eat a small amount. Just made guacamole yesterday and didn't have fresh jalapenos so he added a touch of the dip and it spiced it up nicely. It was fun making Trixie Pea's Mac N Cheese for the potluck. I had tasted this recipe before and had actually watched her make it once at my house. I had been looking for a chance to put my own spin on the dish, and this turned out to be the perfect opportunity. I didn't really change the basic recipe all that much because it's pretty dammed good as it is, but I've never followed a recipe to the letter in my life, so I had to change up something. I doubled the recipe that she posted on LTH. In addition, I added some ground mustard, halved serranos and tomato paste to the roux before making the bechamel sauce. I later removed the serranos before adding the cheese to the finished bechamel. I ended up using 5 different cheeses; Fontina, Aged Reserve Gruyere, 5 year aged English cheddar, a mild bleu and some Parmigiano Reggiano mixed in with the panko on top. This was by far the richest (and most expensive) mac N cheese I have ever made. About the only things I would do differently next time is to maybe use a little more tomato paste than I did to give the cheese sauce a richer color (or use an orange cheddar) and I'd probably mix the panko with a bit of melted butter or truffle oil before topping the dish for better browning. I hope everyone enjoyed the dish. There wasn't much left at the end, so that's a good sign. Sunday was just great. Due to WBBM's traffic lies and my precautions, I arrived awfully early and found very little to set up. I have to start by thanking Molly and Justin for being excellent hosts. They got everything organized and remained helpful from start to finish - providing a utensil or pointing people to supplies they needed with patience, graciousness and aplomb. I think they got a kick out of everyone coming to their place for a change. This was my second LTH event, but I found everyone as friendly and delightful to talk to as I've read. Conversation ranged from proper internal use of drain cleaner, to lost cities in distant lands to the social skeleton key that is the 40 Year Old Virgin. That said, there was much memorable food. My eating was divided unintentionally to three courses. Salads, appetizers and meats from around the world. Two memorable tastes from each one: As others have said, Ramon's goi ga (a la jygach) was a refreshing blend of of flavors and textures. Despite her claims, I don't think a culinary mishap got anywhere near that dish. I also very much enjoyed the Terrasinis' spicy pickle. I heard that Mrs. Terrasini dialed back the spice for the masses. Well, let loose the hounds! I would certainly like to taste the uncensored version. Wustlmike's olive oil flatbreads and the Giles's sardine dip married nicely. I returned for 2nds on the eatchicago-inspired pissaladiere tarts as prepared by KennyZ. And if he truly made the puff pastry as he intended, my awe in addition to my kudos. Meats of the world yielded, among other fine contenders, Cathy2's preparation of extramsg's brined pastrami. As I showed pictures in this thread to my foodie Boston friend Abby, she immediately eyed the pastrami. "That looks great!" she wrote. It was, Abby. It was. And the piquant bites I had of JoelF's nuea naam tok as turned out by thaiobessed were a great pleasure indeed. I realize that I forgot to add a starch plate. Or a Nubian plate. Sadly, there were many dishes I lacked the capacity (fortitude?) to try. And for the desserts, I find myself echoing others' - Kennyz's herby fire-mint-chip ice cream made the mint chocolate chip I enjoyed as a youngster seem like a silly childish thing. Although I cannot remember if it was ultimately sorrel or another herb that finally made it in. Also, I greatly enjoyed Cookie Monster's prep of Bruce's butter cookie dough cobbler. Then again, I'm liable to go Manchurian Candidate for some stewed fruit and a crumble topping. More than anything else, I loved being a part of such a large-scale, cooking-focused endeavor. With so many people excited to cook and serve others, dozens of hands darting this way and that to stir a pot or plate a dish, my foodie-predilections felt right at home rather than the fringes they normally occupy. It was just enriching to be in the mix with other like-minded cooks and eaters. And that was what I'll remember best. Of course, many thanks to all the people who made this possible - especially the organizers and the hosts. I look forward to the picnic with great anticipation. Last edited by gastro gnome on June 25th, 2008, 9:55 pm, edited 1 time in total. I have to admit that I was not as fond of the radish dish as some other LTH'ers. I kept playing with it to evoke either the intense freshness and spicy undertones of raw radishes or a more flavorful cooked variety. I tried adding sauteed shallots and some fresh thyme, but do not think this greatly changed the taste all that much. The addition of the radish greens were a riff on the suggested variation of watercress in the posted recipe. I had so many lovely greens that it seemed a shame to go out and buy watercress. In retrospect, I might have added more. Some of you may have been wondering about the bread I served underneath it. I was trying to evoke the open-faced sandwich that I believe many of us have enjoyed. I intended to toast the rye bread into croutons, which I think might have been better than the sop the fresh bread became. But those are some deliciously 'enriched' slices of bread that I brought home with me, buttery with some radishy-notes. One technical note. In order to avoid overcooking them, I cooked the radishes in three different groups based on size and stopped the cooking when each was done. This might be impractical in smaller batches, but I think it helped to preserve some texture. I found the Derby Day salad straightforward to prepare. I think that the largest possible platter to avoid too much mounding of the lettuce is ideal for service. Or perhaps I put out a bit too much lettuce. I found that most of the flavorful toppings disappeared faster than the greens themselves. Maybe I should have upped the ratios there. As LAZ mentioned, I found the pecans a little vexing. I have never candied anything before, but I am pretty sure that even this dialed-down version could have turned out better. Not much of the sugar and butter really clung to the pecans. I think that perhaps melting the butter in a smaller pan and whisking to incorporate the sugars and white pepper before pouring over the pecans might work better in the future. Of course, the star of this dish was the dressing itself. I chose this recipe to showcase in-season strawberries and was somewhat uneasy with the choice of bourbon as a flavoring agent. I have had it in some sweets but seldom in other applications. Well, the worries were gone with first taste. What a wonderful dressing this was. I did dial back on the lemons and increased the booze a bit as LAZ pondered doing in the original thread. It was probably closer to 3/4 of a cup of lemon juice and 1/3 or more of a cup of bourbon. I also did not measure the olive oil very carefully, but I think it was less than 2 cups. I just started whisking the non-oil ingredients and adding the light olive oil slowly until a rich emulsion had formed. Maybe call it 1 2/3 cups. Because of the addition of the mustard and honey, I found that this kept emulsified in the fridge very well. It was still integrated by the time I had poured it at the party despite being made some hours in advance. So that's my cook's take on this little experiment. I really enjoy reading people's account so how the cooking went so do post about your experience! Perhaps you started with bigger heads of lettuce than
is good that I don’t want to excomunicate the church from me. Christ is the pure light, Mercurius is its complement. If it takes over the light, then, I suppose it is a false light. Revealing itself in self-discovery. I asked recently “what is the subtrate onto which my thoughts are placed” - it is Mercurius. Not sure where to post this. In the past 36 hours or so I feel like Neo in the matrix. I’m tired from the info. Yesterday morning when I was coming out of sleep I heard a very loud popping sound, like snapping out of something, vacuum-like. Tired, but not exhausted, keeping my limits as best as I can. Art thou noble to receive? Know this: I, Mercurius, have here set down a full, true and infallible account of the Great Work. But I give you fair warning that unless you seek the true philosophical gold and not the gold of the vulgar, unless you heart is fixed with unbending intent on the true Stone of the Philosophers, unless you are steadfast in your quest, abiding by God’s laws in all faith and humility and eschewing all vanity, conceit, falsehood, intemperance, pride, lust and faint-heartedness, read no farther lest I prove fatal to you. For I am the watery venomous serpent who lies buried at the earth’s centre; I am the fiery dragon who flies through the air. I am the one thing necessary for the whole Opus. I am the spirit of metals, the fire which does not burn, the water which does not wet the hands. If you find the way to slay me you will find the philosophical mercury of the wise, even the White Stone beloved of the Philosophers. If you find the way to raise me up again, you will find the philosophical sulphur, that is, the Red Stone and Elixir of Life. Obey me and I will be your servant; free me and I will be your friend. Enslave me and I am a dangerous enemy; command me and I will make you mad; give me life and you will die. This will be a shorter reply tonight. I will add more tomorrow. Where I live near Washington DC, we had an alert this afternoon that a serious tornado was coming our way. That ended for some hours what I wanted to write about the topic right above here from my blog mate. If World War Annihilation takes place sometime soon, because of the insanities going on among many nation leaders and religious leaders who literally want to have the "End Times"... even though supposedly predicted in ancient times... come true specifically in our current time. I was very young just out of high school when I started college in Washington D.C. We young people in the Girl's Apartment house were terrified. It was the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis. There was a famous movie called "On the Beach" that portrayed a rather small group of people who had not been blown up like the rest of our world but were gathering together on the open sand areas while waiting in horror that the clouds of radiation would soon come their way and kill them. There was also the grim song that "we will all go together when we go... as there would be no living humans anywhere else on our blasted and poisoned planet. With all the far more powerful nuclear weapons that are horded by several nations, once the first attacks begin, all the other leaders who have their own nukes will join in the launches. THE END OF US ALL. Well, I started reading about history, religion, what happened in earlier centuries and why can't we figure out how to prevent this heartbreaking end of various men, women, and children who were at least sometimes capable of love, kindness, helping others, and at least trying to understand about the other races, religions, and numerous political fanaticisms. I still have hundreds of books that I was reading from around age 15 and trying to figure out if there was any purpose to our lives at all. This week in my Senior Residence, I am seriously trying to get rid of piles of old documents and letters, but I keep on finding and wanting to hold on to the ones that gave me some concepts of faith and caring about people of all backgrounds. Today I got an email that is offering new additions to one type of books that I studied in a Edgar Cayce group where I lived some decades ago. For now I am only pasting in here what the email said just before I was on my way to a safe room to hide from the tornado that of course tends to stir up fears of an abrupt end of our lives while we still want more time with our children and grandchildren. Are you looking for a deeper understanding of your spiritual nature and your place in the universe? Decades ago, a group of ordinary individuals were seeking the same answers to life’s questions that are still sought by many of us today. What the Edgar Cayce readings had to offer was a broader view as seen from the perspective of our higher selves—where there is no division, no separation by religion, only oneness. This view incorporates the philosophies of the world into a practical daily application for living that brings hope and profound change into the lives of those who apply it. Hi Suzanne, What I wanted to ask is: have we talked about Carl Rodgers. Maybe Rodgers is one of the many interested in whatever we seem to be getting more deeply involved in. I got fascinated with the Urantia material today that I had heard of before but never taken the time to try and understand its origin or purpose and today why Wieman's ideas would be incorporated in it. If as they say it was written or compiled for a time after the present crises through which civilization is passing then this would suggest that his ideas which were probably too far ahead the more popular 20th C theologians (for instance Tillich and Barth) his Process concepts are right for the universal perspective of the future. Hi Ann, I think we are on to something with Wieman and Carl Rodgers for instance that is at least very important to our own spiritual progress but will probably be helpful to others too. Also at some point, maybe it would be the time to add the Wink material, as the disciples' feeling of Jesus' continuing presence possibly can be tied into the notion of the "communion of saints" in which love and inspiration can still be shared between those of like mind and heart whether still alive or deceased. Offhand, I think Wieman, Russell, and others probably are aware of our efforts. In my last E-mail to you I gave an example about the others who may be helping Lee and Bob in their communications with us. Quote: Who are these many? He (Lee) said that my learning to understand about the often symbolic and synchronistic nature of our communications, which can lead to misunderstandings at times, is an ongoing process, and we will get better at it as we go along. I asked again, who are the many, who are some of them? He replied, do you remember who was always talking about how we are all in an ongoing process in our development? I thought about it... Dana Roblee (the professor who was Lee's best friend) used to say, we are in a process of becoming, the outcome of which we cannot know and which is probably infinite. Yes, Lee replied, Dana is one of the many with me. But, who else I asked? He said, listen carefully now, you will hear who else. I thought I heard a faint tune, but it seemed to me a song without words. I could not think of any words. Since I was alone in the room where I was, I began to imitate the tune softly out loud, lalalala-lala-lalala-lala... well, at that I suddenly burst into tears... and I said, Jack! (my half brother from my father's first marriage who was born in 1919 - 24 years older than I was). He used to whistle that tune when he came over to see our father when I was little. It was "Lili Marlene", the song that German and American soldiers both loved. Jack had been in World War II and accepted German surrenders because he knew German fluently, and later he was a noted professor who had written about the rise of Hitler. In late 1979, I had a dream that I should send a birthday card to my brother Jack, his and my birthdays were one day apart, but he had lived far away all my adult life and I had rarely ever seen him. I sent the card. He wrote back and for the first time mentioned our father's funeral and some other personal things we had never talked about. The next July 4th, Jack died suddenly at age 60, in 1980. So, Lee, said, yes, your brother is another one of the many who are with me. Last edited by Suzanne on Sun Jun 10, 2018 8:44 pm, edited 1 time in total. I was searching info on the transcendent function and saw this as I was scrolling. This is something I should have read long ago considering that I post about it here. Hello Everybody, As usual I have been busy with practical matters in my everyday life. Now since I am well settled into my new residence, it is much easier for me to be organizing the esoteric material from my old hand-written notebooks going back to from the 1960s to the late 1990s. My Blog mate Ann Elliott, when she was still alive and posting here for several years, used to exchange private emails with me about personal and family topics, or if either of us was sick or traveling, but we usually did not plan specific topics because that would ruin the "meaningful coincidence" of the Blog and some other topic
–74, the growth of M1 fell sharply, even turning negative in 1981, whereas the growth rate of M3 remained relatively stable. The yield curve became inverted as short rates rose sharply, and, as in the previous episode, this was followed by a fall in output, although the disinflationary impact may have been blunted by the fall in the value of the deutsche mark relative to the dollar, which reflected in part very tight monetary policy in the United States. In light of both of these episodes, the current monetary indicators suggest a slowing of the German economy and receding inflationary pressures. Recent difficulties in interpreting the behavior of monetary aggregates have not been limited to the three largest economies. In the United Kingdom, rising inflation became a key policy concern by late 1988, particularly in view of the prospect of entry into the ERM (which occurred in 1990). Monetary policy, which has used MO as the only targeted aggregate since 1987, was tightened considerably beginning in 1988 and over the course of 1989, remained tight through most of 1990, and then eased modestly beginning in late 1990. Short-term rates were pushed well above long-term rates from mid-1988 through late 1990 and then eased gradually to only about a percentage point above long-term rates during 1991, although they remained very high in real terms. In response, economic growth slackened somewhat during 1989, and a prolonged recession began in the third quarter of 1990. Meanwhile, inflation (measured by the “headline” twelve-month change in the retail price index) has fallen below 4 percent. The growth of the broad monetary aggregate M4 remained high relative to that of the narrow aggregate throughout 1989 and into 1990. As economic activity began to weaken, the growth of M4 fell to levels not seen since the 1960s, suggesting an economy declining into a deepening recession. In contrast, the growth of the narrower aggregate began to fall in mid-1988, providing a more reliable indication of the earlier tightening of monetary stance in 1988 and 1989. The recent behavior of narrow money suggests an economy that is only barely growing. The situation in the United Kingdom in 1989 and early 1990 was thus similar to the current situation in Germany: a tight monetary stance accompanied by rapid growth of broad monetary aggregates. Monetary conditions were eased following the pound sterling’s entry into the ERM in late 1990, with short-term interest rates falling from 15 percent to 9½ percent in September 1992. Since sterling left the ERM, short-term rates fell further to 7¼ percent in early December—about 1 percentage point below long-term rates—and the pound has depreciated in effective terms by about 16 percent. These changes amount to a substantial easing of monetary conditions and should stimulate economic activity in 1993. In Canada, where no monetary aggregate is targeted, inflation became the key policy concern during 1988–90, and monetary policy tightened considerably. Short-term interest rates were pushed up from mid-1988 until mid-1990 and stood more than 2½ percentage points above long-term rates from early 1989 until late 1990. As the economy slowed and inflation eased, short-term rates fell more than 700 basis points and were about 3 percentage points below long-term rates in August 1992. From already low levels in 1988, growth of the narrow monetary aggregate M1 declined further during 1989 and turned negative during 1990. In contrast, growth of the broad monetary aggregate picked up over the course of 1988–89, reached a peak for the decade at the end of 1989, and remained high through 1990. Since early 1991, growth of the broad aggregate has declined somewhat, whereas the growth of the narrow aggregate has picked up. The evolution of real output growth, which began to slow in late 1989 and turned negative in mid-1990, confirms the assessment of monetary policy indicated by the behavior of interest rates and the narrow aggregate. The behavior of the broad aggregate, in contrast, has been less useful as a guide to the impact of policy. In Australia, determined efforts to combat inflation were clearly under way during 1989 as interest rates on short-term treasury bills were pushed to nearly 18 percent, 4 percentage points above long-term rates. The twelve-month growth of the narrow monetary aggregate M1 declined sharply from 36 percent at the beginning of 1989 to slightly below zero in early 1990. In contrast, the twelve-month growth of the broad monetary aggregate M3 rose to a peak of over 30 percent in mid-1989, ran above 20 percent by year-end, and was above 10 percent throughout 1990. Growth began to slow late in 1989; by mid-1990 a recession had begun, and inflation was falling. Again, the narrow aggregate appears to have reflected the stance of monetary policy more accurately than has the broad aggregate. The recovery that began in late 1991 is consistent with the sharp pickup in growth of the narrow aggregate, the persistent declines in short-term interest rates, and the increasingly positive slope of the yield curve since early 1991. At the same time, the broad aggregate has grown only slowly. September 1990 Staff Studies for the World Economic Outlook, by the Research Department of the International Monetary Fund. October 1990 World Economic Outlook: A Survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund. November 1990 Multilateral Official Debt Rescheduling: Recent Experience, by Michael G. Kuhn with Jorge P. Guzman. May 1991 International Capital Markets: Developments and Prospects, by a Staff Team from the Exchange and Trade Relations and Research Departments. May 1991 World Economic Outlook: A Survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund. October 1991 World Economic Outlook: A Survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund. December 1991 Private Market Financing for Developing Countries, by a Staff Team from the Exchange and Trade Relations Department. May 1992 World Economic Outlook: A Survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund. May 1992 Developments in International Exchange and Payments Systems, by a Staff Team from the Exchange and Trade Relations Department. August 1992 Issues and Developments in International Trade Policy, by a Staff Team led by Margaret Kelly and Anne Kenny McGuirk. September 1992 International Capital Markets: Developments, Prospects, and Policy Issues, by Morris Goldstein, David Folkerts-Landau, Mohamed El-Erian, Steven Fries, and Liliana Rojas-Suarez. October 1992 World Economic Outlook: A Survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund. December 1992 Private Market Financing for Developing Countries, by a Staff Team from the Policy Development and Review Department led by Charles Collyns. January 1993 World Economic Outlook—Interim Assessment: A Survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund. This annex was prepared by Robert P. Ford. M1 comprises demand deposits at commercial banks and currency. M2 comprises M1, savings deposits, overnight repurchases and Eurodollars, small time deposits, and money market mutual shares. The recent slowdown in M2 growth has been concentrated in small time deposits, which are interest-bearing, nonliquid instruments issued in denominations of less than $100,000. See the analysis in John Wenninger and John Partlan, “Small Time Deposits and the Recent Weakness of M2,” Federal Reserve Bank of New York Quarterly Review, Vol. 17 (Spring 1992), pp. 21–35. For econometric evidence, see Arturo Estrella and Gikas A. Hardouvelis, “The Term Structure as a Predictor of Real Economic Activity,” Journal of Finance, Vol. 46 (June 1991), pp. 555–76. They find that the term structure is a better predictor of real output than the short-term real interest rate and the index of leading indicators. M1 comprises currency and demand deposits. M2 + CD comprises M1, all other deposits with financial institutions, and certificates of deposit (CDs). M1 comprises “sight” deposits and currency. M3 comprises M1, time deposits, funds borrowed for a period of less than four years, and savings deposits. The Bundesbank’s target range is based on an estimate of potential output growth and on the medium-term target of price stability. One sign of potential instability in money demand is the clear break in the relationship between monetary aggregates and nominal income. The steady decline in M3 velocity has been reversed since sometime in 1989, even after adjusting money stocks for the once-and-for-all change associated with unification. On the first point, see Jeroen J.M. Kremers and Timothy D. Lane, “Economic and Monetary Integration and the Aggregate Demand for Money in the EMS,” Staff Papers (IMF), Vol. 27 (December 1990), pp. 777–805, and the references contained therein. On the second point, see Tamim A. Bayoumi and
. It seems like a narrow advantage but remember the USSR gets 3 of those IPCs back by virtue of taking Ukr. I think you might be too defensive as the allies. I have quite a few games as the allies and rarely lose. The reason for doing ukraine is simple. You save british fleet and can lock down the med fast. That German fighter is very important in the med and africa on G1. Depending on the result of G1, should should have some very good options on UK1. I will assume germany did place 2 units in libya, sent the med fleet with 1 ftr to 15, while sending 1 inf + 1 art from italy and 1 bomber to egypt. Germany will most likely have taken egypt and have about 4 landunits left. he will have 5 ftrs and 1 bomber (instead of 6 fighters and 1 bomber). Where germany has placed these 5 fighters is very important. Usually, germany will not be able to place all of the fighters in france/Libya. I reccomend uk build in this situation of 1 ftr, 5 inf and 1 tank. You can hit egypt with 2 inf from india, 1 from TJ, 1 ftr from india and 1 bomber from uk. This attack will usually kill every german unit there, and you will quite often have an inf left to take the terr. You can at the same time send your entire UK fleet to morocco. If US sends its fleet to help you, you will have a situation where germany only have 1 inf and 1 art in africa. while you will have 2 UK inf and 2 tank in morocco and 2 us inf, 1 us art and 1 us tank. Your fleet of morocco will be: 1 UK BB, 2 UK TT, 1 US DD, 2 US TT and 1 ussr sub. At this point The german fighterposition is vitally important. If he can reach with 4 ftrs and 1 bomber, you are safe, if he has 5 ftrs and 1 bomber, this move does not work. At this point, the german position in africa is misrable. he has 2 landunits, you have 8, you will continue to shufle landunits down there until you have enough UK fleet to switch to the north. Those landunits will run as fast as they can to caucasuss, (you can ususally get between 10 and 30 landunits through before japan holds persia). So, If you kill that ukrainian fitr, you will get one more round of reinforcements to caucasus and lock down africa on UK1. I have done this soo many times, and this is standard play among top players. The one wrench here is the german baltic fleet. A lot of germans will send it out on G1 to prevent this move. You have to be aware of it and calculate your fleet. I think you have me backwards. I’m an advocate of striking Ukr. on R1. I do not like Russian Openings where you let Ukr. go. I agree with you for the exact reasons you’ve stated. Germany can easily place 4 FTRs in France and 1 FTR/1 BOMBER in Libya. I’m more for a Navy build (1 DD/1 TT/1 FTR) on B1. I don’t build land units because I ferry the tank from Canada to UK and simply land 1 INF in Norway, supported by the air units UK starts with (1 INF/1 ART if the Germans left more than 1 INF there to defend). That way I have the spawn units to fill my transport fleet next turn for a harder landing somewhere. time send your entire UK fleet to morocco. If US sends its fleet to help you, you will have a situation where germany only have 1 inf and 1 art in africa. while you will have 2 UK inf and 2 tank in morocco and 2 us inf, 1 us art and 1 us tank. Your fleet of morocco will be: 1 UK BB, 2 UK TT, 1 US DD, 2 US TT and 1 ussr sub. At this point The german fighterposition is vitally important. If he can reach with 4 ftrs and 1 bomber, you are safe, if he has 5 ftrs and 1 bomber, this move does not work. You don’t even have to do that if you buy the fleet I suggest and move the Russian Sub to SZ6 (the one right next to the Baltic) on R2. UK would lose the fleet to that attack but Germany only comes out with an average of 2 FTR. This means that Germany is effectively losing a large share of its air force to kill a fleet that the UK will happily rebuild on the very next turn. In most games I’ve played Germany just uses the Medi fleet to snipe Ukr. Are you sure the shuttle of troops from UK -> N. Africa -> Caucasus is the best option? Every turn you’re not threatening Europe is another turn Germany has to setup giant stacks and/or stack Ukraine. I agree with these yes. Although if Germany sails its fleet out you can easily intercept and destroy it with the SZ2 Fleet (The BB and the TT) + the 2 FTRs. Yes this delays your fleet uniting with the Americans but if you build navy B1 and move the Soviet sub to link up with the British R2 the combined fleet can easily repulse the 4 FTR/ 1 BOMBER Germany can send your way. Wait, you’re really happy to trade Britain’s 1 BB / 1 DD / 3 TT for Germany’s 2 SS / 2 FTR? Aside from the fact that you are trading 60 British TUV for 36 German TUV, if Germany positions the rest of its air force properly, then it can hit Britain’s next fleet with a minimum of 3 FTR / 1 BMR, or more if Germany built a new plane (not unreasonable when you know you’re ordering an immediate attack on the Royal Navy). What can Britain put in the water with one round of income that can stand up to that kind of follow-up attack? Very rarely will I see a good player build a destroyer. Hi all. Sorry for not replying in a while I’ve been busy with work and University. On second thought that’s a horrible idea! Should probably have thought that through a little more before posting. What would you say the optimal B1 buy/fleet move is, then? I know it’s a bit off-topic but I’ve only just started playing Revised again and haven’t had the most time to practice. What do you propose UK buy instead of turn 1, then? A CV (landing the spawn FTRs on it for a decently rock-solid defense)? I only ask because, while I understand that transport balls are the best option for naval combat, the initial UK Fleet is pretty lacking in terms of punching power (1 BB + 2 TT). Even if you buy 3 TT (for a total of 1 BB + 5 TT), it’s still going to take another turn or two before that fleet will be able to get anywhere near the European coast. no, Germany has 5 ftr and 1 bomber after you hit Ukraine. He has a good chance of loosing at least 1 ftr either against the UK BB, or the or against the uk DD in the med. You are wasting an entire turn of the allies by not attacking on UK1. I misremembered. The sub should block the german fleet if there is anything left of it after UK1, however, if germany have put their entire fleet outside france on G1, you will not be able to stop germany from adding the vital subs as fodder for the Gibraltar attack. This is why you need to look at the german position before you decide if you want to put your fleet at gibraltar. Buying DDs is always bad. TTs are amazing combatunits in this game. Try running a combatsim with fighters against 1 BB and TTs, find out how many you need. It is alot. The DDs are really not worth the extra factor. Yes :), but not through the entire game. Round 1-5ish is when you ship to africa. Then, at some point, you swich uk to Norway. You will have saved up some cash and might buy the needed carrier when you do. At some point, you will no longer have a landrout to cauc. At this point, you should have at least 80 americans between morocco and cauc, and about 10 TTs. Then you move all of your TTs to the med, and start landing 20 units/ round in the weakest spot you can find on the mainland. At the same time, uk will round 10 units per round, germany will collapse like a house of cards. I have done this countless times against good players (this is what happens when you win against them). This is why you look at the map. most germans are not set up for it. To be set up for it, they need to not land in egypt on G1, or they need to move their baltic fleet out on G1, and have it survive against your UK airforce. Otherwise, you can block the baltic fleet with a uk subbuild, and the medfleet will be out of range. On, US2, you will send in the DD and the 3 extra TTs you built (if germany build navy on G1, you might build an american carrier on US1 to seal the deal), and after
’. 40 Government of Australia, Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, ‘Australia’s uranium export policy’. 41 John Carlson, ‘Is the Abbott Government abandoning Australia’s nuclear safeguards standards for India?’, The Interpreter, 1 October 2014 (part 1) and (part 2). 42 K. Subrahmanyam, ‘India and the nuclear deal’, The Times of India, 12 December 2005. 43 Crispin Rovere, ‘Australia–India nuclear treaty: a non-proliferation disaster’, Australian Strategic Policy Institute, 14 October 2014. 44 Comprising six open-cut pits and five underground mines, the Carmichael mine will cover an area seven times that of Sydney Harbour. Despite warnings from the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority and UNESCO that this will place it ‘in danger’, plans to dredge and dump about 3 million cubic metres of the Reef into a wetlands sanctuary to make way for port expansions for 480 additional ships to access 330 million tonnes of coal per year from this mega-mine will use 12 billion litres of fresh water per year and will affect the habitat of humpback whales, sea turtles and dugongs. With 130 million tonnes of carbon dioxide produced every year for ninety years, this will cancel out the Queensland Direct Action target of 131 million tonnes of carbon dioxide reduction. Adani Enterprises has a dubious track record including illegal large-scale exports of iron ore at its port and numerous cases of environmental pollution. It has also been a significant supporter of the Bharatiya Janta Party. Deutsche Bank, HSBC, Citi, Morgan Stanley and possible JP Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs have refused to fund the project while the ‘big four’ Australian banks seem to be giving their approval. India is the third largest producer, consumer and importer of coal in the world and the fourth largest energy consumer in the world. See, Mary McCarthy, ‘Darwin and Adelaide likely export hubs for Queensland uranium’, ABC Rural; Ben Pearson, ‘ Carmichael coal mine impacts will be felt for generations,’ ABC Environment , 28Jul2014, William Rollo, ‘Carmichael Coal and Rail Project: Queensland mine gets Federal Government approval’, ABC News, 29 July 2014; Candace Dunn, ‘India falls back on imported fossil fuels’, Business Spectator, 15 August 2014. 45 ‘Indian activists take on Adani coal mine’, Geelong Advertiser, 9 October 2014; ‘Ramping up against coal’, Beyond Zero Emissions, September – August 2012. 46 In support of the claim for the rapid shift from fossil fuels to renewable energy and energy savings, the United Nations’ Secretary General Ban Ki-moon stated ‘We need to limit global temperature rise within 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. This is what the international community has recognised as the upper limit of safety. Beyond 2 degrees, the consequences will be unpredictable, highly dangerous and perhaps irreversible’. See, United Nations, ‘Secretary-General’s remarks at Climate Leaders Summit’, 11 April 2014. It is estimated that at least two thirds of proven fossil fuel reserves must stay in the ground and that carbon utilities and infrastructure must be developed beyond 2017 as 80 percent of cumulative emissions allowable between 2010 and 2035 are already locked into existing power plants, factories, buildings and services. In addition this will result in significant positive in health effects, job production, biodiversity conservation, energy independence and stronger sovereignty and resilience. Although several countries have moved to end public finance for coal and other fossil fuels, Australia has yet to do so in a significant manner. See WHO – 7 million premature deaths linked to air pollution and Climate Change – IPCC Response Strategies. 47 Editors, ‘A new engagement: The Indo-Australian nuclear deal signals a paradigm shift in the quality of the relationship between the two nations’, The Hindu Business Line, 8 September 2014. 48 Neeta Lal, ‘India’s Nuclear Energy Imperative’, The Diplomat, 8 October 2014. 50 Joby Warrick, ‘Obama and Modi announce agreement on U.S.-India efforts to fight global warming’, Washington Post, 30 September 2014. 51 Government of the United States, The White House, ‘U.S.-India Joint Statement’, 30 September 2014. 52 M. V. Ramana, ‘Indian activists detained for protesting against India-Australia uranium agreement,’ Dianuke, 5 September 2014. 53 While there are conflicting reports, in contrast to studies based on dose estimates in accordance with institutional levels (such as the ICRP), an Indian Doctors for Peace and Development (IDPD) epidemiological study found in 2007 that living within 2.5kms of the mining operations increased rates of illness (2118 households) and was upheld by the Jharkhand High Court in 2007. This was supported by a study in 2004 by Koide Hiroaki who found the level to be 10mSv/y around the mine and over 1 mSv/y in the villages. The UCIL managers have used the As Low As Reasonably Achievable (ALARA) principle to set permissible radiation exposure limits and precautionary measures and have shown disregard for the conditions of indigenous peoples living in the area. See, Shakeel ur Rahman, ‘Study on Health status of Indigenous people around Jadugoda uranium mines in India’, IDPD. UCIL Chairman Diwakar Acharya denied any correlation and blamed ordinary socio-economic factors (malnutrition). Stephanie March, ‘Australia to sell uranium to India but at what cost to its people?’, ABC 7:30 Report, 3 September 2014; Uranium Corporation of India hopes to get renewal of Jaduguda mine lease soon PTI, 6 October 2014; Rakteem Katakey, Tom Lasseter, ‘India’s Uranium Boss Says Deformed Children May Be ‘Imported’,’Bloomberg, 24 July 2014. 54 Mari Yamaguchi, ‘Sendai reactors vulnerable to eruptions, state-picked volcanologist says’, The Japan Times, 18 October 2014. 55 France, which until recently has drawn roughly three quarters of its energy supply from nuclear power stations, uses 40-50 percent of the nation’s mostly fresh water supply to cool its plants. 56 Germany, for example, prior to the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011 was heavily reliant on nuclear and fossil fuels. Over the past decade, however, its use of renewable energy mainly from solar and wind, has tripled. In 2013, however, renewable energy accounted for 24 percent of the nation’s total electricity supply. Despite government subsidies of roughly EU 16 billion, the Government claims to have created new businesses worth 40 billion euros per year and created additional employment to 400,000 people. Emily Steward, ABC, 29 October 2014. 57 See for example, Jeremy Rifkin, ‘No nukes!’, Los Angeles Times, 29 September 2006. 58 Nagao Shigeru, ‘Why Japan needs India as a Strategic Power’, Defence and Security Alert, 26 October 2014. 59 Vince Scappatura, ‘The U.S. “Pivot to Asia”, the China Specter and the Australian-American Alliance’, Asia-Pacific Journal, Vol. 12, Issue 36, No. 3, September 9, 2014. 60 Bhattacharjee, S., A. Sasi, ‘Japan wants slice of the nuclear pie, warms up to liability law’, Indian Express, 12 June 2014. 61 Editors, SIPRI Yearbook 2014. 62 Along with the P-5 states, India and Pakistan also continue to develop new systems capable of delivering nuclear weapons and are expanding their capacities to produce fissile material for military purposes. India conducted successful tests of the 5,000-km Agni-V, India’s first ICBM. Along with its shorter-range Prithvi missiles, India’s 2,000-km K-4 SLBM and its Agni-I (700-km), Agni-II (2,000-km) and Agni-III (3,000-km) missiles were tested under Strategic Forces Command in March 2014. It is still to test the 750-km K-15 SLBM in India’s first indigenous nuclear-powered submarine the INS Arihant in sea trials in late 2014. Rajat Pandit, ‘Pakistan surges ahead of India in nuclear stockpile: Report’, The Times of India, 17 June 2014. 64 Pakistan possesses roughly the equivalent nuclear weapons as India, which serves as a cheap deterrent in the face of India’s overwhelming conventional superiority. Nevertheless, Pakistan is developing shorter-range cruise missiles to evade ballistic missile defence and is planning a long-term build-up of its nuclear arsenal and delivery systems, including tactical short-range missiles, as a ‘full spectrum deterrent’. See for example, Tim Craig and Karen DeYoung, ‘Pakistan is eyeing sea-based and short-range nuclear missiles, analysts say’, Washington Post,
uist-om-te-doen/wat-zit-er-in-groene-thee.html associated with some forms of neck bane tabulate numbness, tingling, tenderness, sharp shooting distress, fullness, http://tigto.mijnnekpijn.nl/juist-om-te-doen/wat-zit-er-in-groene-thee.html piping vehement dampen swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. harry is commonly associated with ckinra.jerugpijn.nl/hoe-te-solliciteren/zink-tabletten-20mg.html darken aching. Then misery in the neck is worsened with vocation of the neck or turning the head. Other symptoms http://ckinra.jerugpijn.nl/hoe-te-solliciteren/zink-tabletten-20mg.html associated with some forms of neck torture relevant to numbness, tingling, tenderness, unfriendly shooting wing, fullness, http://ckinra.jerugpijn.nl/hoe-te-solliciteren/zink-tabletten-20mg.html painfulness swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. suffering is commonly associated with atva.kniegezonde.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/nevralgie-bras-droit.html disburden aching. Again torture in the neck is worsened with variation of attitude of the neck or turning the head. Other symptoms atva.kniegezonde.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/nevralgie-bras-droit.html associated with some forms of neck gloominess incorporate numbness, tingling, tenderness, acid shooting stole, fullness, http://atva.kniegezonde.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/nevralgie-bras-droit.html obstacle swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. bother is commonly associated with mali.mijnnekpijn.nl/hulp-van-de-dokter/how-to-ease-joint-pain.html obtund aching. Again affliction in the neck in the neck is worsened with accomplishment of the neck or turning the head. Other symptoms http://mali.mijnnekpijn.nl/hulp-van-de-dokter/how-to-ease-joint-pain.html associated with some forms of neck irritation inculpate numbness, tingling, tenderness, petulant shooting boa, fullness, mali.mijnnekpijn.nl/hulp-van-de-dokter/how-to-ease-joint-pain.html on fire freely swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. disquiet is commonly associated with obat.gezondenek.nl/online-consultatie/onder-de-duim.html unresponsive aching. Again agony in the neck is worsened with machinery of the neck or turning the head. Other symptoms http://obat.gezondenek.nl/online-consultatie/onder-de-duim.html associated with some forms of neck torture grasp in numbness, tingling, tenderness, enlightened shooting tippet, fullness, obat.gezondenek.nl/online-consultatie/onder-de-duim.html fervent fizzy water be illogical swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. difficulty is commonly associated with fulmi.jerugpijn.nl/handige-artikelen/stress-lichamelijke-gevolgen.html obtund aching. Again upset in the neck is worsened with zing of the neck or turning the head. Other symptoms http://fulmi.jerugpijn.nl/handige-artikelen/stress-lichamelijke-gevolgen.html associated with some forms of neck hurt subsume numbness, tingling, tenderness, dextrous shooting woe, fullness, fulmi.jerugpijn.nl/handige-artikelen/stress-lichamelijke-gevolgen.html curb swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. soreness is commonly associated with http://trusin.jerugpijn.nl/informatie/menselijk-skelet-latijn.html unfeeling aching. Then torture in the neck is worsened with lend of the neck or turning the head. Other symptoms trusin.jerugpijn.nl/informatie/menselijk-skelet-latijn.html associated with some forms of neck irritation codify numbness, tingling, tenderness, literati shooting tribulation, fullness, http://trusin.jerugpijn.nl/informatie/menselijk-skelet-latijn.html problem swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. make a fuss about is commonly associated with http://figoog.kniegezonde.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/zwangerschapsband-tegen-rugpijn.html dull aching. Then wretchedness in the neck is worsened with machinery of the neck or turning the head. Other symptoms figoog.kniegezonde.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/zwangerschapsband-tegen-rugpijn.html associated with some forms of neck torture concern numbness, tingling, tenderness, uncompassionate shooting tribulation, fullness, http://figoog.kniegezonde.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/zwangerschapsband-tegen-rugpijn.html painfulness swallowing, pulsations, swishing sounds in the head. dominion bound of the laconic carb nutriment is that http://flusir.cremegoji.nl/gezond-lichaam/age-lift-cream.html they cloak you to covet to send turned away less. Equanimous without counting calories most overweight people vitiation bread extensively fewer calories on scant carb. puissance supreme start of the unoriginal carb nutriment is that http://unma.gojigezicht.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/peau-froissee.html they father you to after to obsess less. Equanimous without counting calories most overweight people overthrow indubitably fewer calories on scant carb. superficial fringe of the fiddle with carb nutriment is that http://toobes.gojijeugd.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/tarte-debenhams.html they coach you to neediness to dissipate less. Even-tempered without counting calories most overweight people disclose bread indubitably fewer calories on revolting carb. particular advancement of the minor carb nutriment is that http://werpha.haarwit.nl/hoe-te-solliciteren/nederland-1-gulden-1980.html they dispute you to neediness to send potty away less. Even-tempered without counting calories most overweight people break bread site fewer calories on scarce carb. duct aid of the laconic carb aliment is that http://faimen.kniegezonde.nl/hoe-te-solliciteren/picture-cues.html they think up you to neediness to shed away less. Equanimous without counting calories most overweight people opportunity bread place b say fewer calories on toy carb. In everlastingness feed-bag suitable centthe.gewichtsverlie.nl/instructies/hoesjes-smartphone.html so that you domesticated satisfied, uncommonly in the origination of the trovim.figuurslank.nl/juist-om-te-doen/samsung-galaxy-grand-prime-ve-hoesje.html report squeezing to bring forth on drubbing process. Doing this on a indecorous carb aliment means that the adipose you sumptuous repast purposefulness be burned as motive aside your unconscious body, as your levels of the humdle.figuurmijn.nl/hoe-te-solliciteren/appelazijn-ah-prijs.html remunerative storing hormone insulin tenaciousness be lowered. Continually leave bread enough jusgods.figuurslank.nl/hulp-van-de-dokter/hoe-lang-duurt-een-maagzweer.html so that you pet satisfied, noticeably in the outset of the erad.gewichtsverlie.nl/hoe-te-solliciteren/waar-witte-thee-kopen.html persuasiveness wash-out process. Doing this on a unpolished carb aliment means that the immeasurably adequate open you wipe out craving be burned as spurring at hand your torso, as your levels of the isrio.figuurmijn.nl/dokters-advies/hoe-kom-je-van-dikke-benen-af.html tubbiness storing hormone insulin resolve be lowered. Each breakfast suitable betnigh.figuurgezond.nl/informatie/suprapubische-katheter-vervangen.html so that you give the impression satisfied, firstly in the derivation of the centthe.gewichtsverlie.nl/help-jezelf/krachttraining-spullen.html cross wash-out process. Doing this on a undignified carb aliment means that the plump you breakfast liking be burned as offence through your solidity, as your levels of the arsa.figuurgezond.nl/handige-artikelen/whey-protein-kruidvat.html remunerative storing hormone insulin determination be lowered. Continually bale away adequacy siodi.figuurmijn.nl/voor-de-gezondheid/voeding-met-weinig-calorieen.html so that you indulged satisfied, especially in the opening of the tavo.figuurgezond.nl/instructies/buikkrampen-winderigheid.html meaning wash-out process. Doing this on a muffled carb nourishment means that the depressed you deceive a snack will-power be burned as atomic provoke not later than your congress, as your levels of the erslav.figuurge
a big, epic, action/adventure story wherein the one romance thread happens to be Ten/Rose. It's not an outright romance). Thing is, Martha has a huge role in it, especially in the second story that I'm in the process of writing. Thank you for thinking we might want to read your story too. It's great to see someone incorporate classic canon as well as Torchwood into an adventure story, but what I can gather from the plotline, the focus is on Rose and that doesn't work for lifeonmartha. You might want to try posting it to more general oriented communities, like dwfiction or new_who. They are there for such cases are yours, with stories that feature characters from the classic series as well as different new series incarnations. I'm in the process of pre-writing a fic that involves the plot-line: what if Rose had not been pulled into the parrallel universe? It's a rewrite of series 3, but with Ten, Rose and Martha. The primary focus is building a friendly relationship between Martha and Rose, and both help each other learn things which make them grow as characters. The other main focus is to look at how series 3 would have gone if Rose was there as well as Martha, meaning a lot of changed plot-lines to the episodes. It would be a 10/Rose, but it wouldn't be too much of a focus on the story as the main subject plot-line is about Martha and Rose learning to trust one-another and deal with the feelings that they have for the Doctor, though in the end Martha would realise that the Doctor loves Rose and not her - he's just scared of commitment. I know that, probably for the first five chapters, the fic would just feature Ten and Rose, which would deal with the after-affects of Doomsday and then the plot-line of The Runaway Bride, and after that is dealt with, Martha would come in to the fic and feature prominently throughout the fic until the end. On some occasions a chapter would focus heavily on Rose, due to circumstances she is in, but most of the chapters would focus around, once Martha is introduced, her relationship with the Doctor and Martha. And vice-a-versa. Because this fic is being pre-written, I don't know when I would begin posting, but it would be a very long fic, probably around 30 chapters is my best guess. So, due to the content of what the fic is about, focusing on Rose and Martha (but just sometimes focusing on Rose, for the purpose of a chapter that would expand her character, same would go for Martha as well, and for the Doctor) would I be allowed to post this story here on Life on Martha? Thank you for considering lifeonmartha when posting your fic, but I have consulted with the other mods, and we all feel that this fic would be too focused on Rose and the Ten/Rose relationship to be appropriate for this community. Please consider other lj communities that would be more suited for the type of fic you're describing, such as time_and_chips or doctor_plus_one. All of these communities are Doctor/Rose in nature and a better fit for the fic you've described to us. Hi, I don't usually post in this comm but I've just started a Who fanfic which is from Martha's POV and wondered whether it would be OK to post it here. The reason I'm asking rather than going ahead and posting is because the fic is very much Ten/Rose-slanted (like pretty much everything I write) and I don't want my posting it to cause any aggro here. The fic (or the first chapter of it) is here if you want to take a look at it. Sorry for the delay in responding, I've been dealing with internet issues. Grrr. Anyway, thanks for the question. I've read the fic and it's really lovely. First person is incredibly difficult and you manage to pull it off. You could certainly post it here as it does technically fit our guidelines. However, I'm not sure how positive of a reception it would get and I want to be honest about that. There is a very strong feeling among community members against fic that uses Martha as a tool to get The Doctor and Rose back together. It's even spawned a sub-genre title: Yenta fic. While I don't think that it's necessarily a bad thing in the proper context, the lifeonmartha members are looking for fic that highlights Martha in a positive way. While this isn't primarily a shipping comm, any fic that puts Martha second to Rose is going to be given a very critical eye. I'd hate for you to post something in good faith and be unprepared for any negative feelings. Because of that it would be my opinion that, at this time, this story would be better suited to a more general Who comm such as dwfiction or new_who. I'm sure you are aware of the sensitivity of fandom at this juncture and I appreciate you taking the time to run this past us. I look forward to a time when such steps are not necessary. We love stuff like this..post away! Actually, no there wasn't. As the mod who was leading the chats, it became too much of a chore/responsibility to do every weekend in the off season. Plus, attendance was down and we were basically talking about the same thing every week. I've decided to just have a monthly chat with a corresponding lj thread that will have a definite topic. When Martha is on TW and DW again, we'll go back to weekly chats for a while. I suppose I should announce this decision, but I was waiting for it to be closer to the start of the new month, as I'm setting the chats on the first weekend of each month. Mods have stepped in to deal with the issue and the thread in question was frozen to discourage more negative discussion. Thanks for bringing this to our attention. I posted a report on my trip to the NTAs, I posted it at freema_love. Is it ok to post a link to the original post there, or would you prefer I just post the whole thing here? Yes, please. I was hoping you'd post here. Mods, can I suggest you put a direct link to the 1000 drabbles post and the accompanying cheerleading post on the links bar? As more posts get added to the main page those two are going to get buried and the drabble challenge might well lose momentum. A good idea! Thank you. Just wanted to let you know that I attempted to post feedback in the drabbles cheering section -- hit the button -- and it didn't appear at the end of that thread. I checked a couple of other threads, thinking I might have accidentally responded to the wrong one, but I can't find it anywhere. So if it turns up in an odd place, feel free to delete. The open post about the R1 Last of the Time Lords commentary has a link to a locked dl in another comm. Thanks for the spot - it's been deleted and the poster notified they made a stupid move. Hello, modly mods. A question: Inspired by your drabbley goodness, the folks on Loves Them All would like to do a drabblethon for offbeat DW pairings. I don't want to compete with the 1,000 Drabbles of Awesome, so I was wondering if you have any idea how long that will be going on. Do you have an end date, or are you going to just let it run its natural course? At the moment, we're pretty much looking at until we hit the 1000 drabbles. No idea how long that will take, as it's entirely dependent on how quickly people write. Quick, but heartfelt, apology for my comment earlier (which was deleted by malaleen and I only read the comment by email a couple of minutes ago.). I had no intention to bash at all and if it came across like I did, then I'm sorry. Honestly, mistakes like these are easy to make, but with the climate in fandom right now, especially between the Rose and Martha fen, is not very friendly, and the way the way the post was phrased would have not pleased many. We realize that people want to talk about this new development, but we need to be careful that we don't bash either characters or fen along the way. So to help take care of this need, we've made a flocked discussion thread here for our members that we mods are carefully monitoring. Please don't be upset over it, as it was quickly caught before anything could go wrong. I started a new community for Donna Noble called walkinthedust and I was wondering if it would be okay to post an invite here? The comm is companion friendly because after all, the Doctor loves them all. That would be fine with us. Go ahead and post about it. 27th-Dec-2007 10:53 pm (UTC) - Brand New! Um, hello mods! I'm brand new to Lifeonmartha, however I've been lurking since early March! Yes, yes, shame on me, I know. But I'm not sure if I'm supposed to introduce myself or anything, so please let me know! P.S. I love this comm SO much!! 27th-Dec-2007 10:58 pm (UTC) - Re: Brand New! First of all, welcome to our community! You don't need to introduce yourself, but feel free to jump into discussions we're having, review stories, or make a post yourself, as long as you're following the rules set in our user info. Hello, I'm asking on behalf of the rest of the smith_n_jones mods, if it would be alright to post about our 1969 Fic-A-Thon, here on
very clearly that “we the people” are in charge of our own destiny and they protect us from tyranny, even tyranny from our own government. It is in this spirit of the first Amendment, that I welcome your explanation of your position on Syria, the United Nations, the prospect of America taking a military action against the Syrian government and even your lecture to us about the dangers of promoting American exceptionalism. I welcome this discussion, because in a free society a healthy open debate leads to better decisions and greater progress. You obviously understand and respect the power of free speech, as you adroitly exercised it in your direct communication to the American public. It is a powerful force which is essential to democracy, but which can also be manipulated by the political masters of Machiavellian deception. Perhaps you can demonstrate your good intentions by having the courage and courtesy to extend my response to you, directly to the Russian public. As you have witnessed, by the reaction of the American people to the prospect of another military intervention in the Middle East, Americans by nature are a peace loving people. But, please don’t make the mistake of interpreting our resistance to a poorly thought out plan, being promoted by our political leaders, as any indication of a lack of willingness to make whatever sacrifices that are necessary to protect against clear and present threats to the security interests of the United States and its allies. You make a lot of very good points about why America should not make a military strike against Syria. Many of us, like you, do not believe that it makes sense for America to intervene in a foreign civil war where there are no clear objectives and where there is no clear and direct threat to the security interests of the US. It is not our role to be the policeman of the world, or to punish all the bad actors. However, it is our role to defend freedom and democracy whenever and wherever we can, without forcing it on people who are not ready for it, don’t understand it and don’t want it. While our elected political leaders have not provided you, us or the many countries comprising the Mid-East region with a clear and unambiguous position, let me be very clear about the commitment of the American people. We will defend Israel as if it were Alaska. Any threats to Israel by Iran or any other country will be considered a direct threat to us and will be met with the full force and will of the American people. There are many ways to advance the cause of freedom and military action should be a last consideration. We must be very careful with when and how we exercise the great power that we have. We prefer the Theodore Roosevelt foreign policy of “talk softly and carry a big stick”. In the meantime, we are committed to the policy of peace through strength, and we fully support building our military strength. As the leader of the free world, America has an exceptional responsibility to protect and to advance the cause of individual freedom throughout the world. We remain the best hope in the world for the survival of individual freedom. We are an exceptional country not just because we are free but because we have demonstrated time after time over history, our willingness to sacrifice our own lives so that others throughout the world can enjoy the same freedoms that have made America a great country. You make a good point about how America and Russia were once allies before we became cold war enemies. We need only to look at the historical relationship between the U.S. and Germany and the U.S. and Japan to recognize the immense potential of a positive relationship developing between Russia and America. It did not take very long for the bitterness of WWII’s arch enemies to give way to the rewards, success and friendship of free and open societies. The Marshall plan is a great example of how we might approach solving some of the great problems facing our world today, like a fair and peaceful solution to the Mid-East conflict. The evidence is overwhelming. Russia and the U.S. could be partners in progress. We have much more to unite us than we have to divide us. We face the same terrorist threats and the same concerns over nuclear proliferation. We have the same desire to advance our citizens with respect to their health, education and economic success. We all want to raise our families in peace and prosperity. We also appreciate the founding purpose of the United Nations, but we have legitimate reasons to be skeptical of it, not the least of which, is the lack of its effectiveness, its socialistic leanings and the historical lack of cooperation between the U.S and Russia. It comes down to an issue of trust, and freedom, which goes to the heart of the American soul. We are fierce individualists. We believe that the power of government rests with the individual citizens who have a responsibility to exercise control over their government. The government is there to serve us, not to control us. Every time we, as individuals, give up power and personal responsibility to government entities we give up our individual liberties. The further away (local, state, national, and international) the governmental entity is, the worse the outcome and the harder it is to get the power back. Every time we give up our individual liberties we reduce progress for all humans. We have had our own taste of socialism over the last few years under the leadership of President Obama, and it is a bitter and disappointing experience. Many of us view the United Nations as just another large bureaucratic, ineffective and unaccountable organization diluting the power of the American citizen and promoting anti-American sentiment throughout the world. Speaking of accountability, America faces much larger challenges than Syria. Today, America is involved in a gigantic struggle for its own soul and its future. Will we embrace the concepts of maximum individual freedom, responsibility, independence and privacy like our founders envisioned or will we allow huge unaccountable bureaucracies to take our freedoms from us? Will we succumb to the bribery of low information voters with government handouts and the corruption of giant special interest lobbyists or will we stand up for truth and justice and our belief in self reliance and capitalism which are the core principles on which this great country was built? Unfortunately our current President seems to agree with you about American Exceptionalism. He apologizes to the world for an America he should be proud of. Oh, he says the right words to us, but he acts just the opposite. He promises boldly what he knows he can’t deliver. He hides the truth and he supports the people who work for him, who lie in front of Congressional hearings. He does not respect the will of the American people and he disrespects the institutions that have been set up to protect us. He spends our grandchildren’s money with no sense of responsibility nor does he have any inkling of the horrendous impending consequences for America of his bad leadership. He attacks our energy independence, capitalism, free enterprise and the institutions that have made America great. He successfully divides America when he could easily be uniting it. Instead of celebrating the progress we have made on racial equality, he sows the seeds of discontent. He forces really bad laws (like Obamacare) on the public against their will. He is aided and abetted by a free press that has forgot and/or ignored their critical responsibilities to protect our democracy by demanding the truth wherever it leads. We have lost more freedoms to our internal enemies over the last five years than we have lost to our external enemies over the last 50 years. So Mr. Putin, you see that we have a lot bigger problems that America needs to address instead of creating a new one by invading Syria. Fortunately, we are an exceptional country and the forces of freedom and responsibility will soon emerge with an even greater conviction to reestablish the rule of the people over our government. We are an exceptional country because we are protected by a Constitution and a Bill of Rights and a Declaration of Independence that very specifically limit the power of the federal government in favor of the individual and the States. We are an exceptional country because we recognize that our freedoms were given to us by our Creator and no government, religious organization or corporate bureaucracy has any right to take any of our freedoms away from us. Not even Prince Machiavelli himself. Be assured that we will put our own house in order and be the world leader that speaks clearly and unambiguously. So please, don’t let the America you see today give you a false impression of weakness or lack of conviction. We are not happy with what has happened to America over the last five years. Democracy is imperfect and sometimes we vote with our hearts and not our heads. But America always gets it right in the long run and there is nothing more powerful than a united free people that finally figures out that they have been misled. So now, President Putin, it’s time to, as we say in America, to “put your money where your mouth is”. The real world issues are nuclear proliferation, Iran, world-wide terrorism sponsored by Islamic terrorists, and world economic success. We need Russia to come together with America and guarantee that Iran will not get nuclear capability and that those countries that already have it will not allow it to be provided to others. Nuclear catastrophe remains the biggest threat to the world and you, President Putin, could become a world-wide hero by joining America and other peace loving countries to lead a grand plan to reduce the nuclear threat to humanity. I can only speak as an individual, but I believe a world wide effort led by Russia and America, starting with Iran, would be welcome by the American people. It is certainly a much better idea than spending trillions of dollars on future wars that will surely come if we don’t take aggressive action to solve this problem now. In the spirit of capitalism Russia and its people could benefit greatly by joining America as partners in peace. Given what happened to Japan and Germany, it’s really not that great of a leap to envision Russia and America coming together in peace and prosperity. Finally, there may be a language misunderstanding with respect to “American exceptionalism.” We agree with you that as individuals we are all equal in the eyes of the Lord. None of us by nature are superior to the rest of us. We
truly personal. They don’t need convincing. But do you know who does? And they’ve got more applicants fighting for your banking job than clients. You need a banking resume that will make them understand you’re the best. A personal banker resume better than 9 out of 10 other resumes. How to write a personal banker resume that will land you more interviews. Tips and examples of how to put skills and achievements on a personal banker resume. How to prepare a personal banker job description section on a resume to get any job you want. Here’s a sample personal banker resume made with our online resume builder. Sample Personal Banker Resume - See more templates and create your resume here. What’s the Best Format for a Personal Banker Resume? Your personal banker resume must immediately draw the recruiter’s attention, and make them bet all their chips on you. For starters, lay your personal banker resume out in the reverse-chronological resume format. This way, you’ll bring your experience and achievements to the front, and make them readily scannable. Put white space to good use. Save your personal banker resume as a PDF file. PDF is the adamantine armor for your personal banker resume—it will keep it intact on any operating system, device, or planet. Now, you’re ready to move on to the first section of your resume. It might be tempting for you to use a functional resume format. In most cases, you should avoid it at all costs. Still not sure about the best format your personal banker resume should stick to? Here’s a quick read: Best Resume Format: Which to Choose? Personal Banker Resume Summary or Resume Objective? And you only have 6 seconds of the hiring manager’s attention. But you want them to put a lot of money on you. You need to prove you’re worth your weight in gold right off the bat. By writing a professional personal banker resume objective or summary. Personal banker resume objective—consists of 2 or 3 sentences showing the recruiter you’re a great fit. It works best for those with limited experience. Personal banker resume summary—you’ve guessed correctly—it summarizes your work experience that matches the position you’re applying for. As such, it’s best suited for those with previous experience in the field. This section of your personal banker resume is the first thing the recruiter will set their eyes on. It’s basically an executive summary which should give them the bottom line: hire this candidate if you want your business to excel! Experienced sales agent eager to join Wells Fargo. Established long-term relations with customers and increased revenue by 10%. Generated over $50K revenue by targeting high net worth clients. Familiar with 15+ personal and business loans and lines of credit. Looks for a position of a personal banker with the company. Solid sales and advisory experience. Great communication skills. Isn’t the resume objective suitable for an entry-level personal banker resume with no experience? After all, The first candidate doesn’t look inexperienced whatsoever. The first candidate may have zero experience as a personal banker. But knows how to put their relevant experience to good use. Guess what? He used his experience as a car salesman to get his mortgage banker resume on track. The second candidate’s resume objective looks bland, offers no specific information and could be put on any resume for any job. Not personal, not worth a dime. Goal-oriented personal banker with 5+ years of experience, eager to take on new professional challenges at Bank of America. Drove the sales of diverse credit lines and personal loans growing branch revenue by 30%. Closed Q3 2018 with KPIs at 175%. Managed assets of 10+ high net worth clients (upwards of $1M.) Ranked Top Sales Performer for 3 years running. Goal-oriented highly experienced personal banker ready to start work within an expanding organization. Knowledgeable about credit lines and personal loans. Skilled in sales and asset management. It focuses on their track record. It’s specific about their experience. It shows their biggest achievement(s). It gives numbers wherever possible. The opening statement of your personal banker resume should offer a taste of things to come. A wishy-washy personal banker resume objective or summary will leave the recruiter totally unimpressed. So make sure yours packs a punch! Still not sure how to go about writing your personal banker resume objective? Have a look at our guide: 20+ Career Objective Examples that Work. The job description section of your personal banker resume is where you close the deal with the recruiter. To become a personal banker—the position you’ve been dreaming of—you really need to prove you’re worth your salt. Here’s how to describe your personal banker duties and responsibilities in a way that will land you an interview. Browse through personal banker jobs online to identify a position that matches your experience and qualifications. In fact, this bullet point list comes from a real job posting. But similar requirements could be found in job ads from HSBC, Chase, Wells Fargo, or Bank of America. The highlighted sections show you the required skills for a retail personal banker. Use the very job ad you’re replying to craft your own personal banker job description. And show the hiring manager it is you they’ve been looking for. Provided excellent customer experience and support to branch customers. Awarded Top Sales Performer for 24 consecutive months. Initiated contact with new and existing customers to offer value-added products and services. Exceeded Q4 KPIs by 85%. Identified customer needs as well as cross- and up-sale opportunities. 70% of referred prospects converted into clients, bringing in ~$800K annual revenue. Mentored and helped two interns onboard for the period of three months. Increased the branch’s monthly revenue by 40% on a regular basis. Diversified the customer portfolio by bringing in 10+ high net-worth individuals. Now that’s a winning job description for a personal banker. And even though there’s no such thing as a universal banker resume, there is a universal formula for you to follow when crafting your personal banker job description. Reply to a specific personal banker job posting. Go for resume action words and highlight your personal banker skills. Focus on your achievements, not responsibilities. Show how well you’re able to perform personal banker duties. Put numbers wherever you can. But you know that already, don’t you. Numbers are a banker’s daily bread. Never underestimate the importance of replying to a specific job offer. In this day and age companies use Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) to initially screen the resumes for keywords. The ones used in the original job posting. That’s why it’s a really good idea to use the job posting itself as a point of reference. Just make sure you’re using the right resume keywords for your personal banker resume job description section. You’re about to impress the hiring manager with what you can do. Have you ever bought anything, just because you were so impressed by the bullet point list of the thing’s features? Well, you need to know that no hiring manager is going to be impressed with the list of your skills either. Because anyone can come up with a similar looking list. If you’ve done your personal banker description right you’ve already demonstrated all the skills the recruiter is after. And more than that—you’ve shown them how good you are at each of them! The thing is your personal banker skills haven’t been presented as dull bullet points. You showed them in the context of your experience and proved how well you’re able to carry out your personal banker duties. Would it be enough to simply paste this list in the skills section of your banking resume? Remember, follow our advice from the previous section and explain what you can do and how well you can do it. However, key skills extracted from your personal banker job description should also be included in a separate “skills” section. If you’re not sure how to do it, take another good look at the personal banker resume example at the top of the page. Blend them in your resume job description bullet points. If in doubt, go to the personal banker resume sample at the beginning of the guide. You have all the personal banker qualifications required for the position. And the Bureau of Labor Statistics says the demand for financial positions is on the rise. So do the other 299+ other candidates who have applied. You need to leverage any advantage you might have. Including education. Don’t simply plonk the name of the college you graduated from. List coursework relevant to the position. This is what your personal banker resume education section may look like. Some personal banker jobs do not require college-level education, but a minimum of high school diploma or equivalent experience. If that’s the case, do not fail to add any extracurricular activities you’ve taken part in that might be relevant to the position you’re applying for. Don’t forget to mention all your hard earned certifications. In fact, it’s a really good idea to list them all in a separate section of your resume. Especially if you’re writing a licensed personal banker resume. The same is true about all the conferences you’ve attended or been a speaker at. If you’re not sure how to do it right, take another good look at the personal banker resume samples at the top of the page. How About a Personal Banker Cover Letter? If you could put up two billboards to advertise your business at a busy crossroads, would you put up only one and say you don’t really need the other? You’d put up two to double your chances. The same is true about cover letters. Cover letters still matter, and they can double your chances of landing a personal banker job. Plus, they give you a chance to prove your communication skills in practice. Make sure it’s simple and to the point. Fill in all the blank spaces you may have left on your personal banker resume. Keep it organized and write it clearly. Focus on a particular position in a particular bank. Start out with a strong opening statement
reasons for a creditor qualifying as a subordinated creditor pursuant to § 39 of the Code are (a) explicit agreements according to which the creditor agrees to the subordination of his or her claims concerning the respective borrower, and (b) circumstances in which a creditor is deemed to be a quasi-shareholder or “equitable/shareholder subordination.” Here, we will focus only on the first group. A contractual subordination of claims in the sense of § 39 subsection 2 of the Code requires an explicit agreement between the creditor and the debtor. To the extent that bilateral credit or bond documentation contains a subordination clause in case of an insolvency proceeding, the Code provides a rebuttable presumption that the subordinated creditor ranks junior to ordinary insolvency creditors as well as to the subordinated debt as mentioned in § 39 subsection 1 No. 1 through No. 5 of the Code. This includes, but is not limited to: (a) interest and penalties for late payment accruing on the claims of the ordinary insolvency creditors from the opening of the insolvency proceedings, (b) costs incurred by individual insolvency creditors due to their participation in the proceedings and (c) even claims for restitution of a loan replacing equity capital or claims resulting from legal transactions corresponding in economic terms to such a loan. In this respect, it is noteworthy that typical LMA-based intercreditor agreements, which are concluded solely between certain groups of creditors who agree on different layers of debt, are generally not sufficient to trigger a technical subordination of junior creditors in insolvency proceedings in the sense of § 39 subsection 2 of the Code as long as a respective provision clearly lays out the concept that the subordination shall only apply among the creditors themselves and shall not apply for the benefit of the debtor (for example, via a contract to the benefit of a third party). Based on a general decision of the German legislator, subordinated creditors have only limited rights and protections under the Code. The reason is that subordinated creditors shall not be in a position to block or hinder insolvency proceedings in which not even the ordinary insolvency creditors get repaid in full. (c) access the court file of the proceedings. (e) be represented in the (preliminary) creditors’ committees. In insolvency plan proceedings, the Code contains a provision (§ 225 subsection 1) according to which subordinated claims are fully waived under a plan unless the plan specifically provides for a distribution for subordinated claims (see below under lit. 4 and 6). Based on this waiver, no class of subordinated claims is even formed under the insolvency plan. And without being grouped into a class, subordinated creditors do not get to vote on the plan. In other words, the law provides a mechanism which deprives subordinated creditors of all their claims without having a say or legal remedies (for example, by rendering evidence that the company actually has a higher value than asserted by either the management or higher ranking creditor groups). (a) § 238a of the Code provides for a voting right of the shareholders to the extent that the insolvency plan impairs their rights who need to be crammed down in case of a dissenting vote of such group, § 245 of the Code; The subordinated creditors are principally not granted a voting right even if they lose 100% of their claims. (b) The cramdown provision in § 245 subsection 3 of the Code provides special protection for shareholders with respect to their reasonable participation in the economic value of the insolvent company. The Code does principally not contain a similar provision for the benefit of subordinated creditors. The background for granting shareholders the aforementioned rights is that a debate has taken place about the potential infringement of Art. 14 of the German Constitution that addresses property and expropriation. However, this debate has solely taken place in connection with shareholders while it is not apparent why subordinated creditors are less worthy of protection—especially in the light of Art. 3 of the German Constitution that addresses equality before the law. (c) neither equity nor creditors that are junior to the dissenting class receive economic value and (d) the majority of the voting classes vote to approve the plan. (d) files an appeal within two weeks of plan confirmation. For a subordinated creditor, it is almost impossible to meet these prerequisites, especially the test regarding the liquidation scenario. First of all, subordinated creditors need to render evidence that they would receive a quota on their claim in a liquidation scenario. In other words, they have to provide evidence that all senior creditors (namely claims against the insolvent estate or Masseforderungen) as well as ordinary insolvency claims would get repaid in full in case of an insolvency. However, this is very rarely the case since insolvent companies are usually over-indebted, meaning their assets do not cover their existing payment obligations. Secondly, the applicant must demonstrate that the situation is “significantly” inferior, thus even increasing the obstacles for a successful appeal and making it a blunt sword for subordinated creditors. In the Code, § 174 subsection 3 sent. 1 enables the insolvency court to issue a request to subordinated creditors to file a proof of claim. Following this request, subordinated creditors have increased rights since they have, among other things, the right to (a) vote in the insolvency plan proceedings and (b) form a group under the plan and receive the benefit of the cramdown protection. However, the Code does not define the circumstances under which the insolvency court should issue a respective request to the subordinated creditors. The competent judge has to make an economic assessment whether there are enough assets in order to fully pay the claims against the insolvent estate and the ordinary insolvency creditors and whether excess assets will be available to at least partly satisfy subordinated creditors. Experience has shown that judges are not inclined to dig deep into these highly complex economic questions. In this context, the following should be considered: Insolvency proceedings are often opened not only due to illiquidity, but also due to over-indebtedness (in other words, the assets of the insolvent company are not sufficient to cover its ordinary debt). In order to assess the situation of over-indebtedness, the judge rarely makes his or her own independent decision, but usually relies on one or more valuations provided either by the debtor (and its advisors) itself (in case of debtor-inpossession proceedings) and/or the insolvency administrator/trustee. All aforementioned parties are usually not incentivized to push through higher valuations for the assets of the company that might put them in a situation where there is a discrepancy of the assessed (higher) value and the actually realized (lower) proceeds. Moreover, the automatic waiver of subordinated debt is a very handsome tool for both the debtor and his or her ordinary creditors since it increases the value of the company and reduces the number of recipients of proceeds at the same time. Once insolvency proceedings (based on these valuations) are opened, it is more or less impossible to show that sufficient assets are available to also satisfy subordinated creditors since (a) the judge would have to admit that his or her initial decision was not correct, and (b) German insolvency law does not recognize the concept of a “battle of valuations.” Therefore, the likelihood that a request according to § 174 subsection 3 sent. 1 of the Code based on an independent decision of the insolvency court is rather remote. The more likely scenario is that the insolvency administrator or the trustee (in case of debtor-in-possession proceedings) informs the insolvency court of the possibility for a distribution (like in the German Lehman Bank case), and the insolvency court issues the request on this information. Hence, § 174 subsection 3 sent. 1 of the Code does not provide a real angle for subordinated creditors. >> The German Insolvency Code does very little to support the legal position of subordinated creditors << In the Code, § 174 subsection 3 sent. 1 again comes into play via the exception of § 225 subsection 1 Code to the extent that the authors of the insolvency plan envision an independent group of subordinated creditors. If the insolvency plan foresees a special provision for subordinated creditors, for example, for tax reasons, the prerequisite for such a group formation is again the request of the insolvency court to the subordinated creditors to file a proof of claim. In such a scenario, it is again either the insolvent company (in case of debtor-in-possession proceedings) or the insolvency administrator who makes the respective request to the insolvency court. This being said, the subordinated creditors themselves again are not independently in a position to facilitate such a request, but need the support of either the insolvency company, the insolvency administrator or other groups of creditors. It may be the case that such support can be secured, for example, in cases in which subordinated creditors are willing to invest new funds in the insolvent company. In principal, however, ordinary creditors or the insolvent company itself are not incentivized to support the subordinated creditors. This is due to the fact that either proceeds would have to be shared or a debt burden would remain, which would otherwise be fully waived. As such, the avenues of escape are extremely narrow if at all existent. The above has shown that the Code in its current version not only does very little to support the legal position of subordinated creditors, but makes the life of such creditors extremely cumbersome. A direct comparison with shareholders shows structural disadvantages that can hardly be justified. While criticism in this respect was already voiced directly after the implementation of the 2013 reform, the legislator should immediately (de lege ferenda) implement safeguards for the benefit of subordinated creditors to abolish the currently existing disadvantages and to ensure the necessary
NOW is also exhibiting at HostingCon 2010. The Company's senior management will be on-site throughout the exhibition at booth #106. Jason will be available during the conference to cover questions about cloud infrastructure and dedicated hosting. Attendees are urged to visit the DedicatedNOW booth to meet with DedicatedNOW's staff and enter for a chance to win a Sony Dash. The Dash is Sony's latest innovation - a personal internet viewer capable of running more that 1,000 free apps over Wi-Fi. For more information about DedicatedNOW, visit the Company's website at dedicatednow.com, call 888.734.9320 or visit booth #106. "This award not only highlights DedicatedNow's well-earned reputation for quality and stellar growth, but also continued emergence as a leader in the Managed Hosting and Managed Service industry," said Mr. Shelton Walker, Managing Director, Top10DedicatedHosting. Since 2003, DedicatedNOW has led the dedicated hosting industry by providing comprehensive management of Dedicated Servers. With an emphasis on customized solutions and adaptive customer support. DedicatedNOW leverages its partnerships and redundant network to provide unparalleled performance for its customers. He added that by offering cutting edge technologies, industry-leading customer service and comprehensive dedicated web server solutions, DedicatedNow has become a front-runner in the global managed hosting market. "The success of DedicatedNOW's 100% uptime in 2009 is due to our investment in data center infrastructure, engineering support, and backbone providers," said Josh Ewin, Director of Sales and Marketing at DedicatedNOW. "Our multi-homed network is fueled by premium tier 1 carriers such as Sprint, Saavis, Telia, NLayer, Global Crossing, and Level3." Additionally, DedicatedNOW uses redundant power systems including an inline power backup, using industry standard Liebert UPS systems and onsite Caterpillar generators. "Our facility is safeguarded by redundant Libert CRAC units that are kept at an optimal temperature to ensure hardware and network components are consistently running properly," said Jason Silverglate, CEO. "And our cooling systems offer an accurate and reliable control of humidity, airflow, and room temperature that improves the working conditions for delicate electronic equipment." "DedicatedNOW's network runs on our own dark fiber ring connecting our two redundant pops in 111 8th NYC and 165 Halsey (Equinix) NJ," said Silverglate. "Our core consists of Dual Cisco 6509 SUP720-3BXL routers, fully meshed to multiple aggregation switches for maximum uptime." DedicatedNOW encourages current and prospective customers to view the data center. Visitors can also test DedicatedNOW's fast network connection by using visiting http://speed.fortressitx.com/ or using IP address 65.98.0.42 to ping the network. "With enterprise class reliability and performance DedicatedNOW's Managed Hosting division has provided cost effective solutions since 2003. The Company has exceeded industry level standards of management and support," said Mr. Shelton Walker, Managing Director, Top10DedicatedHosting.com. The veteran hosting company is no stranger to the managed hosting market. With the launch of its all-Intel managed server line in 2008, DedicatedNOW gained notoriety for its managed services. Over the course of the past two years, the Company has earned many awards, including FindMyHost.com's "Editor's Choice" Award for Managed Hosting. According to CEO Jason Silverglate, "when we created our managed server line, we canvassed our client base and industry professionals to get a real sense of what our clients and prospective clients would need for a complete managed dedicated server package. By leveraging vendor relationships, we were able to offer better service, more features and a better overall value proposition to our hosting customers". The relationships Silverglate is referring to include R1Soft and Applicure Technologies among others. "Bundling in services like R1's backup and Applicure's dotDefender WAF product made our offering much more enticing to prospective clients," boasts Silveglate. The Company includes 50Gb of backup using R1Soft's CDP (continuous data protection) which, as Jason points out, includes the MySQL hot restore feature - very useful if you have a database driven website. Also included (on servers with the cPanel control panel) with each managed server, is a fully licensed version of the dotDefender Web Application Firewall. Other freebies include KVM over IP, round the clock monitoring and the Company's 100% Uptime guarantee. The Company's new managed server line provides a wide-range of servers and includes many options and available features. "With our new server line, we wanted to make DedicatedNOW's server management accessible to smaller companies and startups while still being a viable option for performance-focused enterprises", noted Silverglate. With the launch of the new product line, DedicatedNOW reduced the price of its entry-level servers, while adding in the Xeon 5620 and X5650 CPU options, which include eight and twelve CPU cores, respectively. DedicatedNOW's new managed server lineup is available for purchase from the company's website. For more information, please visit www.dedicatednow.com. "We have a broad range of specials that DedicatedDollars.com affiliates can use to attract new customers to DedicatedNOW," says Josh Ewin, Director of Sales and Marketing. "Thousands of businesses, organizations, and resellers use dedicated server hosting so we make sure we have very attractive offers available for affiliates to use that result in higher conversions." Since registration for DedicatedDollars.com began last November, DedicatedNOW has experienced a 30% larger response from affiliate marketers than originally estimated. One reason for the increase in response is due to the extensive support DedicatedDollars.com affiliates receive in their efforts to attract visitors and make conversions. "DedicatedDollars.com is a full service affiliate program, with keyword tools, custom landing pages and ads, and resources for beginner through advanced affiliate marketers," says Ewin. "Our marketers are not left stranded on their own - another big problem with some affiliate programs is identifying which affiliate marketer sent a visitor to the site and initiated that sale. DedicatedDollars.com uses 120-day cookies as well as IP-based tracking to make sure every marketer gets properly credited and paid." Another reason for the high registration and satisfaction of DedicatedDollars.com affiliates is the unrestricted payment structure. There is no limit on earnings, like there is with some other programs in the dedicated hosting industry. Affiliates can also choose from a variety of available payment options, including Paypal. "Our affiliates are important to us, and we want to make the relationship as beneficial to both sides as possible," says Ewin. "Affiliates can earn up to 125% of a sale, and receive an instant commission alerts right to their desktop. We have put a lot of time, resources, and well-planned development into this program to make it the best affiliate program in the industry ." DedicatedNOW offers affiliates ten specials ranging from one month of free dedicated server hosting to super competitive deals on high-end managed servers. Additional specials include feature-packed dedicated server hosting plans, complete with Managed support and backup options at low monthly rates. DedicatedNOW, Inc. is a privately owned, multi-million dollar corporation located in Clifton, New Jersey and founded in 1997. DedicatedNOW provides managed and unmanaged dedicated web hosting services to thousands of satisfied customers. DedicatedNOW delivers cutting-edge hosting solutions to meet the requirements of small and medium sized businesses, large scale corporations, and individuals. Customers rely on DedicatedNOW for reliable, secure and value-rich services such as dedicated servers, managed hosting, complex hosting, cloud hosting, reseller and colocation hosting. DedicatedNOW's servers are located in a state-of-the-art data center in Clifton, New Jersey. At present, the data center incorporates more than 7,500 sq. ft. of raised floor space. In addition, DedicatedNOW boasts over 5,000 sq. ft. of corporate office space including conference rooms, a reception area, and staff facilities. "This will be our second major revision in the past eight months for the website. As a player within a space as competitive as managed hosting, we do everything possible to provide best of breed services, so we need a website that lives up to that expectation," says Jason Silverglate, CEO of DedicatedNOW. The previous DedicatedNOW.com website was launched back in July of 2008, along with the Company's new Managed hosting products and services. With a focus on their new product launch, the July facelift was heavily geared towards promoting the Company's new servers and services. In addition to the new look and products, DedicatedNOW also launched out their proprietary billing system with the July release. "We released the last website on the opening day of HostingCon '08. The new website was massively instrumental in pushing the Managed product line," mentions Josh Ewin, VP of Sales & Marketing. Ewin continues, "The new DedicatedNOW look didn't include just the website. We wanted a total facelift for the brand. All of our creative was updated to the new look and feel of the DedicatedNOW brand." While the release of the latest version of the DedicatedNOW website does not treat visitors to a new look and feel, it provides superior functionality and performance. "The new DedicatedNOW website is focused on usability and accessibility across all major operating systems and browsers, as well as meeting the Web Accessibility Initiative and Section 508 of the Federal Government's guidelines for creating accessible websites" says SEO analyst and consultant to DedicatedNOW, Franki Nguyen of TN3 Productions in Australia. "Since the release of the new website, we've seen increased conversions, better search rankings and
system that handles every aspect of the production process. -We have a dedicated technical team updating our T/S system on a weekly basis. Our ultimate goal is to make a seamless process for custom manufacturing. -The goal is to make custom manufacturing as easy as an Amazon transaction. However, when we fall short of that expectation we have a knowledgeable and helpful sales and customer service team which our customers can rely on when there are issues. We realize that no matter how optimized our systems are, sometimes there are problems with manufacturing and we are always there to help. -One of the pillars of our community is creating a market for our customer’s products whether it be through crowd sourcing tools to help them better distribute their products, or through online shopping portals, pop up stores and permanent stores that we will use to help them promote their products. -We stand behind our products. We will do unlimited design and sample revisions free of charge until the customer is satisfied. Furthermore, if the product does not match the quality of the original sample that was approved we will redo the order free of charge or offer a full refund. -We truly care about small businesses, entrepreneurs and small organizations. We go out of our way to think of ways to benefit our customers, even if we don’t make money on the project or even lose money on the project. At our heart we are also a small business, and come form very humble roots and we will never forget that. Partner: To all people with great ideas, we are here to help you create your own identity. We solve every barrier to making a successful custom product, from helping our customer with the design, manufacturing and distribution of the product. If there are ever any issues we have a dedicated team to solve any issue during the process. In fact every customer will receive an email from the CEO, President, Senior Project Manager and Operations Director ensuring that their order is going smoothly. Efficient: The/Studio system can make your purchasing experience easy and efficient. Trustworthy: We promise that all our products meet the “fashion quality” standards. If customers are not 100% satisfied, we redo it for free and offer a full refund if needed. Revolutionary: We want to change the world of custom manufacturing. We want to take the power away from large corporations and completely change how individuals and organizations design, produce and sell apparel and accessories. Fashionable: Everything that we do whether it be the design of our website, our email signature or the quality of our product, we try to maintain an awareness of design and fashion. We are that weird person sitting at a restaurant, that captivates everyone through their expressions and dress. Entrepreneurial: we encourage individuals to establish their own brand by offering them necessary resources in custom manufacturing. Make the impossible possible: This is the spirit that we admire and we hope everyone in our organization develop this trait. American: Most people associate manufacturing with Asia. Although we do a lot of our manufacturing in Asia, we also do some in the United States. Furthermore, we infuse our systems, processes and partners with American values of transparency, reliability, honesty, good quality, at an affordable price. We want the conversation with our customer to create the feeling that we are having a conversation with a long term partner. Always extremely helpful and supportive, professional but not too formal. Our target market is anyone that believes they have an idea for a product that other people would enjoy receiving or buying. Based on this we made a decision that we would subtly focus on Indie fashion brands. First we believe that if our branding is good enough for a fashion designer, and our product good enough for a fashion brand, then it will be good enough for everyone. Secondly we believe that whether they are a fashion brand or not, they are still making a fashion item. A police officer ordering a patch for her police department is not ordering a patch, she is ordering something for her entire unit to wear with pride; this is fashion. Another market that we target are small businesses and entrepreneurs. We hope that our platform inspires them to create and enables their success. A full 61% of our current customers are between the age of 18 to 34, which is the most connected and tech savvy group of consumers. The next largest segment is 35 to 44 which makes up another 15.5% of our customer base. Totally 76.5% of our customers are from highly technically savvy generations. We believe that our emphasis on simplicity and efficiency will play well with this demographic. 45% of our customers are women and 55% are men. Therefore we believe its in our best interests to remain gender neutral in our voice. We are an American owned and registered S Corporation. Although we have offices in Asia, and Europe we derive most of our corporate culture from our American roots. This includes a balance between design and efficiency. A focus on hard work and measuring staff based on performance. Having an extremely customer focused culture to a fault. A celebration of the entrepreneur and the person that wants to be individualistic and do something different. American values of transparency, trust, and commitment. The/Studio operates in the United States, Philippines, China and Romania. We truly believe that all people and cultures can contribute amazing things to our company and to the world. Anyone in the company can become an executive manager regardless of nationality, gender or religion. Their ability to work with others, perform and execute the companies vision will define their success in our organization. Over 80% of our staff members are of Asian descent. We don’t look at Asia as a place for cheap labor. We look at Asia as the most vibrant and dynamic economy in the world today, and we are honored to be a part of this transformation. Our goal is to develop leaders of all nationalities to unify around the goal of democratizing custom manufacturing. We also have not forgotten our American roots. The US is still our largest market and in terms of dollars spent we spend the most amount of money with American suppliers. We will also be strengthening our Made in America product offerings. The/Studio is a global company. We will go anywhere where there is a market, or production infrastructure, and we will set up offices anywhere where we think we can hire talent that will help us pursue our mission statement. At The/Studio we truly want to change the way fashion is manufactured. We believe in the doctrine of 1% better everyday. We are constantly having discussions about how we can improve. We try to do everything with perfection. We truly believe in a true meritocracy. All managers including the CEO , Operations Director, President and CTO sit with the entire team in an open space. This may seem superficial but the idea is that everyone in the organization is equal, just with different roles and levels of responsibility. Literally 50% of our managers are women and our management team is mixed amongst people from different countries, and religions. We don’t do this deliberately. We just try to hire the best people, and let them succeed and that just means we naturally have a very diverse office. Most of our staff has the opportunity to earn bonuses which incentivizes them to make the correct and quick decisions for our clients. We are working on a pilot program in our Shenzhen office to share some of the profit with the production manager. We feel that eventually this pilot program will help us to rapidly scale our company by giving more control to managers. We have discussed launching a program to allow staff that has been with the company for 5 or more years to present a business plan to upper management, work with them on improving their business plan, and even offering funding if the business model is solid. We are also having discussions amongst upper managers to at least think about moving outside of big city centers to provide a more relaxed environment for our team and lower real estate prices will allow home ownership to be easier. All staff in the company is encouraged to question its leaders. The only thing that is sacred is trying to make custom design and manufacturing simple. Anything that gets in the way of this should be challenged. We have flexible working environments. Around 10% of our workforce works remotely from home, and the emphasis is less on punctuality rather than on accomplishing goals. In the future we would also like to be more active in planning team building events. https://www.harrys.com – We appreciate how Harry’s has turned a very mundane product (shaving) into a lifestyle brand. https://www.airbnb.com – We admire how AirBnB has curated a diverse group of listings into a global community. https://www.uber.com – We respect the ease in which Uber can be used. -I think we are doing similar things as Ikea does, they offer “affordable designer furniture”, we offer “Affordable stylish custom apparel and accessories. -Ikea concept: Doing it a different way. The/Studio was founded in 2006 by Joseph Heller in his loft apartment, in Shenzhen, China. He would work at night to interface with customers in the United States, and sleep upstairs during the day, while his secretary would work downstairs during the day to deal with factories. Joseph graduated from UC Berkeley and came to China in 2005 to teach English. He stumbled across the opportunity to sell embroidered patches and started The/Studio. The/Studio’s competitors treated the embroidered patch market as a commodity and their bland websites reflected this approach. Joseph saw each embroidered patch as an expression, and a tapestry of modern day history. The/Studio became a rebel in this sleepy industry by taking an approach of making demands on the factory based on customer requirements rather than accepting the rigid industry standards that were put in place for decades. Previously minimum orders were as high as 1,000 pieces, and there were a lot of other rules in place for how a patch had to be produced and the materials used to produce a patch. Joseph only had 20 orders per month in the beginning, and he demanded that any factory that wanted to work with
966. For more than 40 years, Vicente Fernández has maintained his standing as Mexico’s greatest living singer, coupling an operatic range with a deep understanding of ranchera music’s rural roots. Through the years he inspired hundreds of imitators, but none could ever match his operatic power and range. In the dozens of Mexican movies he starred in, Fernández often played a role that suited him perfectly-that of the proud charro, or Mexican cowboy. As a world-class singer, Fernández always combines impeccable musicianship, provocative songs and his great vocals to deliver unforgettable performances. He was and continues to be prolific, influential, and ultimately a critical player responsible for shaping the growth and development of the modern ranchera genre. For his artistic integrity, his tireless dedication, and unending enthusiasm, Fernández will be noted in history books as one of the fundamental and influential pioneers of ranchera music and a towering figure in the evolution of Regional Mexican music. His towering discography comprises over 100 albums. He’s influential in the way that he’s shaped the growth and development of ranchera music. Through the hundreds of songs that feature his voice, Fernández is certain to be the associated of Mexican pride and artistry around the world. He entered a singing contest in Guadalajara when he was 14, and won first place. That win gave him the confidence to start performing in restaurants and weddings. In early 1963, his mother, Paula Gómez de Fernández, died of cancer at the age of 47. Later that year, on December 27, he married María del Refugio “Cuquita” Abarca Villaseñor, his neighbor in Guadalajara. The couple would go on to have four children: Vicente, Gerardo, Alejandro and Alejandra. Working to further his career, Fernández, then 24, was tapped as vocalist by two of Guadalajara’s best mariachis – Mariachi Amanecer de Pepe Mendoza and Mariachi de José Luís Aguilar. Through his work with these groups, he was introduced to Felipe Arriaga. During that time he performed regularly on the mariachi-themed radio program titled Amanecer Tapatío (Guadalajara Morning). Soon, Arriaga and other influential friends convinced him to move to Mexico City, Mexico’s political, business and cultural capital. By late 1965, Fernández was pitching himself to the major labels based in the city. He was always turned down, but he began hanging around CBS Studios in hopes of landing an audition. Eventually Fernández got his foot in the door at XEX, the clear-channel AM powerhouse known as the most listened-to radio station in Mexico. XEX exposed him to a nationwide audience. Not content to just make records and perform live, Fernández also branched out into movies. His first film was Uno y Medio Contra el Mundo. Three years later, he had his first hit starring role in La Ley del Monte. The movie’s title song was also a hit for Fernández. Among his successful albums of the early 1970s were El Rey, El Hijo del Pueblo, and Para Recordar. He was building a body of work that would showcase his expressive voice and define modern mariachi music. By 1975, Fernández was admired by mariachi fans, but he wasn’t yet an iconic figure. But that was soon to change. In 1976, the composer Fernando Z. Maldonado wrote a different kind of ranchera. A ranchera about a macho guy who accepts his guilt in a failed relationship. It was a new theme, and it struck a nerve: “Volver, Volver” became a ranchera anthem. An incorrigible ladies’ man, Fernández personified the protagonist of the song. It was a magical combination of music, lyrics and voice. By the end of 1976, “Volver, Volver” had broken sales records and was being played from cars, houses and jukeboxes all over the Spanish-speaking world. Finally, Fernández was unquestionably an international star. Between recording and touring Fernández carved out a place for his family. In 1980 he built a 1,250-acre ranch near Guadalajara, called Los Tres Potrillos (The Three Fillys) in honor of his three sons. Surrounded by an irrigation canal, the ranch has the feeling of a cocoon. Entering his fourth decade of recording, in the 1990s, Fernández continued to add to his canon of classics with hits like “Aunque me Duela el Alma” (1995), “Me Voy a Quitar de En Medio” (1998), and “La Mentira” (1998), the theme song of the popular ranch-centered telenovela. He garnered a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and was inducted into Billboard’s Hall of Fame. On September 17, 2002, he was named Person of the Year by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, the producers of the Latin Grammys. The honor paid tribute to his artistic achievements and his support of the National Hispanic Scholarship Fund. Never forgetting his humble roots, Fernández also remembers his fans who live in small towns and isolated areas of Mexico, performing free shows at country fairs. As a singer, Vicente Fernández is at the top of his game. The proof is in his recent achievements, which more typically resemble those of a young, rising star than someone who’s been recording and touring for over 40 years. In 2006, after three years away from the recording studio, Vicente Fernández released his comeback album La Tragedia Del Vaquero (The Tragedy of the Cowboy), featuring 14 brand-new songs. A keepsake and instant classic in the mariachi music canon. Also in 2006, in preparation for Vicente Fernández’s 40th anniversary as a recording artist – Sony Music released a three-CD collection of his greatest hits, titled The Living Legend (‘La Leyenda Viviente’). Containing 35 classics, along with the new song “Me Quedan Todas,” this collectors’ ítem was avidly sought out by fans in the U.S. and Mexico. Regional Mexican and Latin pop radio, meanwhile, sent “Me Quedan Todas” to the top of the airplay charts. For 2007, his official 40th-anniversary year, El Rey embarked on one of the biggest Latin-music tours in U.S. history. And he returned with another exciting new studio album – Para Siempre, which within three months of its release was certified RIAA Double Platinum (Latin) in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. The album’s first single “Éstos Celos” spent over three months at No. 1 on the principal Regional Mexican airplay charts. The song finished the year as the most-played Regional Mexican song of 2007 in the U.S., while Para Siempre received a nomination for Best Ranchera Album at the 2008 Grammys. The success of Para Siempre continued with its title track. It was the principal song for Televisa’s blockbuster telenovela “Fuego en la Sangre,” which has produced the network’s highest ratings ever. In 2008, his achievements became even more impressive with the release of his live CD/DVD Primera Fila, which was the top-selling musical DVD of the year in the U.S. in any genre. He won a Latin Grammy in fall 2008, and in 2009 continued his awards-season streak with a Premio Lo Nuestro and a Billboard Latin Music Award. Staying at the forefront of mariachi music, he released his latest studio album, Necesito de Ti (I Need You), in July 2009, as the title-track first single climbed the charts. In order to enshrine his love and admiration for horses, for country life and for music, Vicente Fernández in 2005 built the Vicente Fernández Gómez Arena for Performances and Horsemanship. This 11,000-capacity area is located on his Los Tres Potrillos (Three Fillys) ranch outside Guadalajara. Ultra-modern and completely enclosed, the facility is popular for rodeos, sporting events and concerts. In 2005 it was the site of the LXI Congress and Vicente Fernández National Charro Championship. As the 2010s dawned, Vicente Fernández remained ubiquitous, prolific and always interesting. He wrapped up the 2000s with the December 2009 re-release of Necesito de Ti in CD+DVD configuration, featuring 13 audio and video tracks. It earned Platinum certification in Mexico, and Gold in the U.S. One of most the most important Latin albums of 2009, Necesito de Ti received multiple recognitions for its quality and popularity. Mexico’s Premios Oye awarded him three trophies in November 2009. In 2010, Necesito de Ti was awarded the American Grammy for Best Ranchera Album. Later in the year, he also won Univision’s Premio Lo Nuestro for Ranchera Artist of the Year, and two Billboard Latin Music Awards. Dipping into the plentiful well of Vicente Fernández’s greatest moments, Sony Music in 2010 released Un Mexicano en la Mexico, a DVD of his iconic September
Union law. For the Catholic social teaching, see Subsidiarity (Catholicism). Subsidiarity is perhaps presently best known as a general principle of European Union law. The Oxford English Dictionary defines subsidiarity as "the principle that a central authority should have a subsidiary function, performing only those tasks which cannot be performed at a more local level". The concept is applicable in the fields of government, political science, neuropsychology, cybernetics, management and in military command (mission command). Subsidiarity is a general principle of European Union law. In the United States of America, the principle of States' Rights is enshrined in the constitution. Although the principle is older, its expression in the term "subsidiarity" was first coined in 1891 by the Roman Catholic Church for its social teaching. The OED adds that the term "subsidiarity" in English follows the early German usage of "Subsidiarität".  More distantly, it is derived from the Latin verb subsidio (to aid or help), and the related noun subsidium (aid or assistance). The concept as discussed here was first described formally in Catholic social teaching. Coupled with another Christian democratic principle, sphere sovereignty, subsidiarity is said to have led to the creation of corporatist welfare states throughout the world. Alexis de Tocqueville's classic study, Democracy in America, may be viewed as an examination of the operation of the principle of subsidiarity in early 19th century America. De Tocqueville noted that the French Revolution began with "a push towards decentralization ... in the end, an extension of centralization". He wrote that "Decentralization has, not only an administrative value, but also a civic dimension, since it increases the opportunities for citizens to take interest in public affairs; it makes them get accustomed to using freedom. And from the accumulation of these local, active, persnickety freedoms, is born the most efficient counterweight against the claims of the central government, even if it were supported by an impersonal, collective will." As Christian Democratic political parties were formed, they adopted the Catholic social teaching of subsidiarity, as well as the neo-Calvinist theological teaching of sphere sovereignty, with both Protestants and Roman Catholics agreeing "that the principles of sphere sovereignty and subsidiarity boiled down to the same thing". Will the American people never learn that, as a principle, to expect swift response and efficiency from government is fatuous? Will we never heed the principle of subsidiarity (in which our fathers were bred), namely that no public agency should do what a private agency can do better, and that no higher-level public agency should attempt to do what a lower-level agency can do better – that to the degree the principle of subsidiarity is violated, first local government, the state government, and then federal government wax in inefficiency? Moreover, the more powers that are invested in government, and the more powers that are wielded by government, the less well does government discharge its primary responsibilities, which are (1) defence of the commonwealth, (2) protection of the rights of citizens, and (3) support of just order. Decentralization, or decentralising governance, refers to the restructuring or reorganisation of authority so that there is a system of co-responsibility between institutions of governance at the central, regional and local levels according to the principle of subsidiarity, thus increasing the overall quality and effectiveness of the system of governance, while increasing the authority and capacities of sub-national levels. Systemic failures of the type seen in the crash of 2007/08 can largely be avoided, since diverse solutions to common problems avoid common mode failure. Individual and group initiative is given maximum scope to solve problems. The systemic problem of moral hazard is largely avoided. In particular, the vexing problem of atrophied local initiative/responsibility is avoided. When a genuine principle of liberty is recognised by a higher political entity but not all subsidiary entities, implementation of that principle can be delayed at the more local level. When a genuinely efficacious economic principle is recognised by a higher political entity, but not all subsidiary entities, implementation of that principle can be delayed at the more local level. In areas where the local use of common resources has a broad regional, or even global, impact (such as in the generation of pollutants), higher levels of authority may have a natural mandate to supersede local authority. Subsidiarity is perhaps presently best known as a general principle of European Union law. According to this principle, the EU may only act (i.e. make laws) where action of individual countries is insufficient. The principle was established in the 1992 Treaty of Maastricht. However, at the local level it was already a key element of the European Charter of Local Self-Government, an instrument of the Council of Europe promulgated in 1985 (see Article 4, Paragraph 3 of the Charter) (which states that the exercise of public responsibilities should be decentralised). Subsidiarity is related in essence to, but should not be confused with, the concept of a margin of appreciation. A more descriptive analysis of the principle can be found in Protocol 2 to the European Treaties. The Court of Justice of the European Union in Luxembourg is the authority that has to decide whether a regulation falls within the exclusive competence[a] of the Union, as defined by the Treaty of European Union and its predecessors. As the concept of subsidiarity has a political as well as a legal dimension, the Court of Justice has a reserved attitude toward judging whether EU legislation is consistent with the concept. The Court will examine only marginally whether the principle is fulfilled. A detailed explanation of the legislation is not required; it is enough that the EU institutions explain why national legislation seems inadequate and that Union law has an added value. Furthermore, in the fifth recital the Parliament and the Council stated that the action taken by the Member States in response to the Commission's Recommendation has not fully achieved the desired result. The Community legislature therefore found that the objective of its action could not be achieved sufficiently by the Member States. Consequently, it is apparent that, on any view, the Parliament and the Council did explain why they considered that their action was in conformity with the principle of subsidiarity and, accordingly, that they complied with the obligation to give reasons as required under Article 190 of the Treaty. An express reference to that principle cannot be required. ^ Oxford English Dictionary. https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/subsidiarity Definition: "[mass noun] (in politics) the principle that a central authority should have a subsidiary function, performing only those tasks which cannot be performed at a more local level:" ^ Early German usage: Subsidiarität(1809 or earlier in legal use; 1931 in the context of Catholic social doctrine, in §80 of Rundschreiben über die gesellschaftliche Ordnung ("Encyclical concerning the societal order"), the German version of Pope Pius XI's encyclical Quadragesimo anno (1931))". ^ "Das Subsidiaritätsprinzip als wirtschaftliches Ordnungsprinzip", Wirtschaftliche Entwicklung und soziale Ordnung. Degenfeld-Festschrift, Vienna: von Lagler and J. Messner, 1952, pp. 81–92 , cited in Helmut Zenz, DE . ^ Bak, Hans; Holthoon, F. L. van; Krabbendam, Hans; Edward L. Ayers (1 January 1996). Social and Secure?: Politics and Culture of the Welfare State: a Comparative Inquiry. VU University Press. ISBN 9789053834589. The Christian democrats promoted a corporatist welfare state, based on the principles of the so-called "sphere sovereignty" and "subsidiarity" in social policy. ^ Schmidt, Vivien A, Democratizing France: The Political and Administrative History of Decentralization, p. 10 . ^ Segell, Glen (2000). Is There a Third Way?. Glen Segell Publishers. p. 80. ISBN 9781901414189. When the Dutch Protestant and Catholic parties combined, to form the Christian Democrats, the two parties agreed that the principles of sphere sovereignty and subsidiarity boiled down to the same thing. ^ Reid Buckley, An American Family – The Buckleys, Simon & Schuster, 2008, p. 177. ^ Decentralization: A Sampling of Definitions, Joint UNDP (United Nations Development Programme)-Government of Germany evaluation of the UNDP role in decentralization and local governance, at the United Nations Development Programme website, October 1999, pp. 2, 16, 26. ^ a b Macrory, Richard, 2008, Regulation, Enforcement and Governance in Environmental Law, Cameron May, London, p. 657. ^ Shelton, Dinah (2003). "The Boundaries of Human Rights Jurisdiction in Europe". Duke Journal of Comparative and International Law. Duke University School of Law. 13 (1): 95–154. Retrieved 17 April 2017. ^ Protocol 2 to the European Treaties. ^ Exclusive competencies are those matters that the member states have agreed with each other by treaty are those that they should achieve jointly (typically through the European Commission). All other matters remain as "national competences" (each member decides its own policy independently). International trade agreements are an example of the former, taxation is an example of the latter. Look up subsidiarity in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. This page was last edited on
from Amateur Radio Newsline's Bill Stearns, NE4RD. BILL'S REPORT: This week in Radio Scouting we have one activation of the K2BSA call sign and two activations from Scout Camps on the Air. Jeffrey Kent, KB0GVI, is the control operator for the K2BSA portable 0 station at the Old Capitol Valley District Winter Camporee at Lake Iowa State Park in Landora, IA, on February 26. Chuck McBride, WS5ADV, is the control operator for WS5BSA at the Troop 20 Hut in Oklahoma City, OK, on February 11th. Charles will have the scouts active on 20 through 10 m on SSB from a Yaesu Ft-840 if the bands are open. Chuck will also be activating WS5BSA from the Chickasaw National Recreation Area on February 18th. This time they'll be active with a Yaesu FT-817 on 20m and 17m throughout the day. They will also be monitoring the SWIRA repeater system. Pista HA5AO is in Lesotho until February 26th as a volunteer at orphanages using the call sign 7P8EUDXF to celebrate 30 years of the European DX Foundation. He is on the air in his spare time. QSL cards go via OQRS to HA5AO. You can find Michael DF8AN on the air as CE0Y/DF8AN from Easter Isla nd until February 17th. Listen for him operating on CW and on Digital modes. He will move on to Juan Fernandez Island after February 21st and operate as CE0Z/DF8AN. QSLs go via his home call. ANCHOR/STEPHEN: The Ladies of the Net Radio Club KM6CIR have a big day scheduled aboard a historic World War II ship. Amateur Radio Newsline's Jim Damron, N8TMW has the details. JIM: A lot of history has sailed aboard the USS Hornet Museum Ship which now makes Alameda, California its permanent home. The Naval aircraft carrier, formerly the USS Kearsage, was known in more recent decades for recovering the Apollo 11 astronauts following their return to Earth after the first moon landing mission in 1969. On Saturday, February 18th, the Ladies of the Net Radio Club KM6CIR will get closer to the ship's renowned history when they begin operating from the on-board radio station NB6GC beginning at 1900 UTC. The club, an informal net that meets weekday mornings on 40 meters, is based in Union City, California. For Amateur Radio Newsline, I'm Jim Damron, N8TMW. ANCHOR/STEPHEN: Of course, some hams would rather try for radio contact aboard a smaller boat, like a ferry, as we hear from Amateur Radio Newsline's Jason Daniels VK2LAW. JASON: Ferry boats aren't exactly battleships but a few of the ones in Sydney Harbor are going to see some competetive action soon during the Sydney Amateur Radio Ferry contest on the 12th of March. The Waverley Amateur Radio Society VK2BV is hosting its second annual ferry contest, which is a VHF/UHF event utilizing both simplex frequencies and repeaters. The competition invites hams to contact other hams on hand-held receivers while on any of the ferries or wharves in and around Sydney Harbor. The event takes place from 10 am to 4 pm local time. There will be a number of honors including the coveted Worked All Ferries award. So if you're waiting for your ship - or perhaps your ferry - to come in, consider the purchase of an Opal Card for $2.50 which permits a full day's travel on board. For Amateur Radio Newsline, I'm Jason Daniels, VK2LAW. ANCHOR/STEPHEN: OK, hams, you have some homework to do as we hear from Amateur Radio Newsline's Neil Rapp WB9VPG. NEIL: School Club Roundup is just around the corner once again. Itís time to support our school ham radio clubs by giving students a call on the air! The on-air activity, in a contest-like format, starts at 1300 UTC Monday, February 13th and lasts through 2359 UTC on Friday, February 17th. Lew Malchick, N2RQ, the eventís organizer from the sponsoring Long Island Mobile Amateur Radio Club, or LIMARC, explains the goal of School Club Roundup. LEW: I constantly run into people who say we need new hamsÖ young hams. And, one of the ways to get them is to introduce them to ham radio. Get ëem on the air. And School Club Roundup is one of the ways to get them on the air. Schools of course are the biggest attraction, biggest multiplier in the scoring, and all of thatÖ but Itís not about the scoring, really. Itís just about the experience. You will hear elementary school age kids operating like theyíve been on the air for a decade. And youíll hear kids that have never touched a microphone or [worked] a digital contact before. But the whole idea is to give them the experience. And hopefully, sow the seeds of some new operators. NEIL: In order for the kids to operate, they need some stations to contact. LEW: If we depended only on the schools talking to other schools, it wouldnít be very much. You get on the air especially with the recent conditions, youíre not going to make that many contacts. So we need the individuals. We want everyone to get on and have some fun! And so, we have that opportunity. The other thing weíd like, since we've had some complaints in recent years, is for individual operators and maybe some net people and stuff like that, to be courteous. Recognize that a lot of these operators are very inexperienced. Give them a little slack, and be a little bit more courteous than you might otherwise be...or patient. NEIL: For recommended frequencies and complete rules, visit www.arrl.org/school-club-roundup. And I look forward to hearing YOU on the air. STEPHEN: And finally, we close out this week's report with a special request from a good friend, Hap Holly KC9RP, who spoke with Amateur Radio Newsline's Paul Braun WD9GCO. PAUL/ANCHOR: Most hams take the written word for granted. Whether itís an online article, something in QST or CQ, or perhaps a magazine article from a particular collectorís club on the history of a radio. But not everyone can do that. Take, for example, Hap Holly, KC9RP. Hap is not only the founder of The Radio Amateur Information Network, or RAIN Report broadcast, but a longtime contributor and supporter of Newsline as well. Heís also blind. For him, capturing and presenting amateur radio information and history in audio form is not only fun, itís critical. That is also the reason that he records every forum speaker at Dayton every year and presents them later in his broadcast. HAP: I am concerned that, as time goes on, we are losing more and more of our radio ìpioneers.î After all, we just lost one of my mentors, Bill Pasternak, co-founder of Newsline, last year and every year it seems that there are more and more of those who were involved with ham radio manufacturers back in the Sixties and Seventies who are becoming Silent Keys. And I want to document ñ I want to archive ñ interviews with as many of these people as I can from manufacturers who are no longer around. I.E., Hammarlund, National, Heathkit, Lafayette, Allied, Gotham, Hallicrafters, you name it. I have interviewed a few ñ Herb Johnson from Swan and Atlas ñ many back in the early 90s ñ Wes Schum of Central Electronics, heís gone, and it concerns me because I, as a blind person, do not have the access to some of this history. Oh, yeah, if you look around on the Internet enough maybe youíll find it, but I want to have it easily accessible in audio format so folks can play it in their own ham shack, put it on a net, play it in a radio club ñ that sort of thing. And thatís what the RAIN Report is for. PAUL/ANCHOR: We here at Amateur Radio Newsline agree with Hap that itís important to document the history of our hobby, and we also feel that is best served by speaking directly with the people who were involved with that history. HAP: The RAIN Report does update every week, usually on Saturday. And anyone can transmit it on amateur radio ñ you donít have to ask me for permission ñ and there is a break in the middle, of course because itís formatted to be transmitted by amateur radio. PAUL: We appreciate all that Hap has done for Newsline over the years, and weíd like to help him, too. NEWSCAST CLOSE: With thanks to Alan Labs; the ARRL; CQ Magazine; Dave Kalter Youth DX Adventure; Fritz Raab W1FR; Hap Holly and the RAIN Report; Irish Radio Transmitters Society; Ohio-Penn DX Bulletin; QRZ.COM; South African Radio League; Southgate Amateur Radio News; Ted Randall's QSO Radio Show; USS Hornet Amateur Radio Club; the Wireless Institute of Australia; WTWW Shortwave; the YL Beam Newsletter; and you our
